4.4 The food was very good and came out quickly. Friendly service and we were given a little complimentary dessert at the end of the meal. Fair prices and large portions. Had enough for two meals.
3.6 Delicious Thai food in SGV! This place has been here for a while now and it always satisfies my Thai food cravings. We ordered the Crab Fried Rice, Pad See Ew w/chicken, and Yellow Curry w/chicken. The food came out fast and the portions are a good size! Everything was so tasty and flavorful. The prices are reasonable as well.The place itself is a large restaurant so there was no wait when we got there. The waiters were quick and attentive. I can always count on this place for some good quality Thai food!
5 Delicious food. Great service! I forgot to take pics of all of them but I enjoyed every single dish. Paradise beef, Ong choy, moo ping and crab fried rice were standouts. The green curry and pad see ew were flavorful as well. Portions are decent and great for family style. They also served us a dessert at the end on the house. Will return again!
5 Ambiance. Roomy enough and this decor. Lunch special green curry chicken 0 stars.  They use dark meat in the curry and the soup we were served.  We don't like dark meat chicken.  But the biggest deal breaker was the totally watered down curry sauce. Zero flavor.  It was hard to choke down this meal.  Egg rolls were good.  Soup was broth with one tiny piece dark meat chicken and 2 pieces mushroom. We were comped one lunch late because we explained how awful the curry was.  Not recommended
5 We ordered the eggplant basil dish and tofu pad woon sen and both were delicious! I especially loved the eggplant basil, perfectly flavored and slightly spicy from the jalapenos and sauce. The basil flavor is absolutely perfect! This is a gem in the Monterey Park area.
2 It's been so many years since I've last been here and I really enjoyed this recent visit! I came as a group of 5 and we ordered 5 different dishes, and all were delicious!- Tom Ka Seafood Soup: there was a good mix of different seafood such as mussels, squid, scallop, fish, and shrimp. I liked that the soup wasn't overly sour and balanced well with the coconut milk base. - Thai Paradise Beef: the meat was tender and very flavorful!- Crab Fried Rice: there was a good amount of crab meat and tasted great with the fried rice- Pad Thai w/ tofu: i really enjoyed this dish and would highly recommend getting it!- Green Curry w/ chicken: this was good, although not my favorite. It doesn't come with rice, but it tasted solid with the fried rice I ordered.My favorite dishes were the Tom ka soup and pad Thai. The Thai paradise beef was also really good! I would definitely recommend any or all of these three dishes but you can't go wrong with their crab fried rice or curries as well! Also I love that they give a complementary glutinous rice dessert at the end of the meal! It's so good and a great way to end the meal.
4 It's been years since I stopped by Thai Paradise. There is another location closer to me. A lot has changed in terms of decoration inside the restaurant. I do prefer the current layout. More light and not as crowded. I ordered lunch special pad prik khing and garlic and pepper. Comes with rice, soup and wontons. I got extra wontons on my plate and I'm not complaining! I also ordered to go orders. One comment I'll make is that the other location has better flavors since I ordered the same dishes. Staffs are friendly and plenty of parking spaces.
5 Good Authentic Thai Food! The beef salad was tasty and papaya salad were both good. I have eaten here before and will again. Parking is free and easy.
4 Stopped there for an early lunch. The menu was excellent and fantastic food options. I like the Tom Yum Soup and Yellow Curry was so tasty. Good flavor and has balanced spices. The Pad See Ew was just right and has great flavor. The veggies was fresh and tasty. The staff were very helpful and pleasant kept the service flowing quickly and the establishment clean and tidy. Nice price and pretty reasonable. Fantastic customer service.
5 THAI PARADISE IS A SPOT I will be coming back to! I love flavourful saucey dishes, like I cannot deal with bland light color no sauce pad thais ... so when I walked in and saw a table with saucey pad Thai Honestly I KNEW I WAS GONNA LOVE IT ! Papaya salad was good, not the BEST I ever had but good. I wanted to try to coconut chicken soup in pot with fire, it was interesting but it didn't stay hot long enough, if you like sour you should like it. PeopleI was with some didn't like sour and felt it was too much. I liked it !! Loved the pad see ew too!!! Saucey !! MY FAV WAS THE CRAB FRIED RICE!!!! Super flavorful and had a good crab taste ! Sometimes crab is in a dish but you don't even taste it but this one, I could get all the seafood yummy taste !!  staff was nice !! Spacious inside extensive menu!! Overall 8/10 for me Oh they also gave free hot sticky purple rice dessert free in end and when I came I saw sign outside that said spend $40 get free Thai iced tea or coffee!!! So check when you are there !
5 This restaurant has been here since I was a kid, and for good reason - their Thai food is fundamentally sound. The flavors maintain their authentic flavor profile without being overpowering as to afford outside palettes an enjoyable experience. The pad see ew noodles were nice and bouncy without being too sticky. The chicken satay in plentiful supply and not overly cooked. And the Tom yum heavenly. Just be sure not to order too spicy, as I would say the thai spice level runs hot.
5 A friend invited me to have a light dinner and haven't been here in years. Not sure why, but I will be coming back. Location: in strip mall with plenty of parking in back and some street parking out front. Restaurant clean and nicely decorated. Service: very attentive. Quick service. Refilled waters often. Food: Tom ka Kai comes w different levels of heat. Hot deliciousThai salad- didn't have much lettuce so we asked for more and they obliged. The dressing is like a watered down peanut butter satay sauce. I enjoyed it. Could have been a little lighter on the dressingFried banana were delicious. Perfectly fried, not greasy, crispy wrapper
4.5 We were craving Thai food so stopped by this place off Atlantic Blvd in Monterey Park. They're located next to Half & Half & across from 99 Ranch market. Plenty of parking in the back, underground structure, or the streets.We ordered the yellow curry with chicken, side of rice, and crab meat fried rice.  The curry was alright, but the crab meat fried rice was the star dish. It was very flavorful and tasted delicious. We devoured it instantly lol. They also offer a complimentary house dessert of red beans with black sticky rice. Very yummy too. Very nice, friendly, and quick service. It's never packed when we eat here which is a good thing IMO. Not a fan of the long wait time, especially when you're hella hungry.
4.2 This Monterey Park location is definitely better than their Alhambra counterpart. But I would say it's very mid when it comes to their pad Thai fried rices or papaya salad. I would definitely choose other Thai places but when I'm lazy and want Thai food faster it's this place.
4.5 2.5 stars. Take out. We were very excited to try this place out as it is very highly rated. Unfortunately, we were quite disappointed as everything was quite oily (see photos). _What we ordered:- eggplant: I initially thought it was just the sauce but there were pools of oil and the eggplant was completely saturated in it. Maybe my stomach is on the sensitive side when it comes to oil/grease but I could only have a few. The eggplant flavor itself was tasty though. I just wish they cut back on the oil. - tofu yellow curry:I've had many Thai places throughout LA and I have never seen yellow curry separate from this amount of oil. The consistency was not at all creamy and was very watery (even when trying to stir in the thick orange oil that sat at the top). - pad see ew beef: this dish was the best of the 3; not sure if it's simply bc it had a close-to normal amount of oil. The flat noodles and beef were great!For the price point, the quality of the food and heavy hand in oil, I give this place a 2.5. As I do with all my reviews, I'll try this place again and update with new findings and thoughts. I'm hoping that I just caught this place on an off day.
4 I want to update my review to 3.5 stars because their complimentary soup was very salty. Even after I added water, it was still very salty. The BBQ chicken was so dry and chewy. I would not order that dish again. Pork ribs were flavorful but they only had a little meat. We were disappointed this time. Service was okay (last time was better).  I hope the chef will improve the taste.
3.5 haven't been to Thai Paradise for quite a while and we used to go there once in a while before pandemic.  The quality of the food was still great and delicious. They have lunch specials not just weekdays but also on weekends from 11-3pm.  I love my 3 flavors shrimp and scallop and the presentation was so attractive.  The shrimp and scallops were fresh and flavorful. Portion was good. Service was attentive and we got yummy dessert after lunch. Hope the business will last because they serve good quality of Thai food and the ambiance was clean and quiet. We will go back there soon!
4.5 A very generous 3 stars at best Arrived on Sunday and ordered the following:1, Tom yum gong: meh, indistinguishable from the Tom yum from over dozen other Thai place in the 5 mile radius 2: Ong Choy: Good! Had  that wok heat flavor and perfectly seasoned. 3. pad see ew w tofu: descent. Noodle was not clumpy and the egg enhanced the flavor and texture. 4. Crab fried rice:  DO NOT get it!   Absolutely one of the worst crab fried rice I had in a long time.  It's obvious they used cheap can snow crab. The pieces of the dry crab you do taste were overcooked and overwhelmingly fishy.  Worst was the salt!  By god the rice was so salty you might as well rinse your mouth w sea water!!Not sure if the chef was at the end of the shift and had dozed off on that last dish but it was huge let down giving the fact crab fried rice is a quintessential traditional Thai stable. Bottom line, how this place could be rated 4.5 stars is proof the MP is wasteland for any food other than Chinese.
4.5 Tasty Thai food. Being coming here for years and they've kept up quality and consistency. Portion is good too. Our favorites are pad see ew with tofu, green curry with chicken and panang curry with beef. pad thai is always good, and the silver noodles. Take out is fast too.
4 Went there to try their crab fried rice but was a little disappointed rice came out not to my liking , did order other fish but was not really good for me but that's my opinion .we all have different taste bud
4 Great spot for a large group of 8-10! My group walked in for lunch and there wasn't a huge line, just waited a few minutes to have our table prepped. Service was attentive and refilled our waters pretty often. We had one person with peanut/shellfish allergies, so our waiter was attentive and aware of letting us know which dishes had peanut/shellfish! I thought the food was good, but nothing out of the ordinary. Out of the dishes we ordered, my favorites were the Pad Thai, Spicy Rad Na Noodles, and the Chinese Broccoli Tofu. All dishes were very filling and the portions were large to share with our group! Their Mango Sticky Rice was really good though! It was the perfect and filling dessert to end our meal with. The sticky rice had a slight pandan flavor to it, and since it was mango season, the mangos were sweet!
4 Food is good, but nothing amazing.We ordered to-go:- beef pad see ew - flavor was there but the beef was really tough. Sad because we ordered extra noodles and extra beef and it ended up being just ok- crab fried rice - the peas were juicy, crab was tough as well
4 Stopped in for lunch because they've got pretty high ratings. The service was very friendly and it was a bit past the typical lunch hours so the service was super fast. We got our dishes in what seemed like only 5 minutes after we ordered. The Panang curry's flavor was decent; but I wish the sauce was a little thicker and less runny. The pad Thai was ok. However, the noodles were all clumped together and difficult to separate. The Goong Oab Woonsen (shrimps with silver noodle) dish was overwhelmed by ginger and black pepper. There was literally slivers of ginger in every single bite. Plus the silver noodles were too soggy. Did not enjoy the dish.
4.5 Came here on a Friday night and had plenty of seats available. Large parking lot in the back. Place is pretty nice vibes, very large room with many tables. I got a few classics, this is what I tried.Tom Yum Kai - Got the hotpot version so it came in a streaming pot. Overall thought it was pretty good but I felt it was much more sour than other places I've tried. Little too sour for my liking but still hit the spot. (3/5)Pad Se Eww Seafood - I thought the flavor was good and the portions were fair. Seafood tasted fresh and the noodles were perfectly seasoned. Solid Pad Se Eww! (4/5)Crab Fried Rice - This was the winner of the meal. Everything meshed well together. Rice was seasoned well and the crab was fresh and delicious. Pretty good portions as well. (5/5)Overall had a good meal here and service was too notch with them checking up on us constantly. Make sure to ask for the chili sauce tray because they do have it but it's not originally on the table. They also gave us free red rice type dessert which was a perfect end of meal. Free dessert is always a win!
4.5 Went here during lunch on Thursday this week and the waitress was very nice. She kept checking in on us and constantly refilled our water. We ordered the papaya salad, tofu pad thai, chicken pad see ew, and a yellow curry with beef! Everything was really good but the pad thai was definitely the star of the show. Since we went during lunch, they also offered us a free dessert that was really delicious!
4.3 I don't know how many Thai Paradise I know or heard of, only been here once seems like its been foreverit was all ok and goodwent during a early dinner so service was great!food was not memorablebut still did the joblove how its a neighborhood spotneed to go again for another review with more peoplesee you soon!
5 Stopped by for the very first time on Saturday, 06/24/23. Dined in and ordered the following:1) 1 fried ice cream - green tea: $8.952) lunch special chicken with rice (don't remember the exact name of the plate and price)SUBTOTAL: $24.15I heard this place is very popular. Stopped by around 3pm-ish and wasn't too crowded. The green tea ice cream was okay - it is definitely not the authentic, Japanese green tea/matcha ice cream though.You also get a free, complimentary red bean dessert - yummy!
4 5 stars for delicious food and friendly service! We came on a Wednesday night and was seated immediately. Service was great and food came out fast which was appreciated because we had a hangry toddler on our hands. We also tried their Thai tea and it was delicious. Sometimes it can taste watered down but their Thai tea did not and was refreshing. We had a little issue with our Lardna and our server apologized and brought us a new plate. No big deal. Prices are also not outrages here compared to other places. Looking forward to being back soon!
4 Food was amazing. Everything was flavorful and so delicious. Friendly staff great atmosphere.Wish they closed a little late at least on weekends.
4 Another great find! Love supporting the locals.Quality/Quantity - Extensive menu.Lunch Specials - What a great deal. Comes with complimentary Tom Yum Soup and dessert.Chicken Pad Thai - Good, I almost always order the same dish at every Thai restaurant.  In the last few Thai restaurants, they do not serve their Pad Thai with lime...? Why the change? Generous quantity.#3 Eggplant Pork - Good flavors, and it was a larger quantity than it looked, see picture.2 Thai Coffees - This stuff is strong! Of course, I hit two Starbucks before coming here.  Long day. Anyways, I was only able to finish half my coffee, so I will save the rest for tomorrow. Well, I will probably still hit Starbucks in the morning, as usual.Atmosphere - Good size local restaurant.Plenty of parking.Front and rear entry.Open 7 days a week from 11am to 8:30pm.Service - Good, friendly, professional, etc.Price -  $33 + tip.Owner Comment -  Congrats on your 17+ years of success.
3 Firstly, I would like to say that the service was good. They made sure to keep our glasses full and checked up often. I ordered the spicy minced chicken lunch special, and it comes with soup, rice, and wonton crisps. The medium spice level was the percentage amount of spice for me, given that I am not the best at spicy food. It's a good, wholesome lunch.
3 This place has a lot of great Thai food.  I've tried their Pad See Ew, Pad Thai, Seafood Coconut Milk Soup, and Yellow Curry.  All items are delicious and a great value based on the generous portions.  The food can be spicy so I recommend you stay at "Medium" or below when specifying a Spicy level.  The seafood was good, from the shrimp to the scallops in the seafood platters.The restaurant is in a small casual environment.  The wait time is minimal, especially on a Saturday afternoon and you're not paying for a trendy place but rather good quality, authentic Thai food.  The server was attentive, not overly friendly and talkative but he provided us with our food in a timely manner.  Parking is easy too, with an outdoor and underground lot.
5 Found this place randomly scrolling and decided it to give it a try. Upon arrival we were seated almost immediately. The inside decor was nice - gives me 90s to early 2000s family dining vibes. All in all the place was welcoming and nice! Our waiter was also super friendly and attentive. We ordered a Tom Yum Seafood soup and Pad Thai. Everything was delicious and fresh, I loved it so much we ordered another order to go. The portions were decent and prices were reasonable. By the end of our meal we were pretty full. I also enjoyed their complementary purple rice pudding. Everything was good! I'm looking forward to trying other dishes - highly recommend this place! (Didn't take more pictures - was to eager to just eat)
3 Had dinner here with no expectations, it was walking distance from our hotel. Wow! The food was fantastic, with desert being a nice surprise. I did not expect the sticky rice with mango to be flavored with pandan. Yum!!! Service was quick, all around, from being seated, to ordering, to serving our food.
5 Both of the dishes are super authentic, especially the larb salad. Our service was super helpful and kind with suggesting dishes. Overall 10/10 and would come back again.
3 For every family event, we always visit this spot to grab our favorite dishes. We decided to try out new dishes as well such as their clams, papaya salad, and fried ice cream. A must have here is definitely their pad thai and pork jerky. The staff were nice and made sure we were satisfied with our food. The restaurant was very spacious and was able to fit all of our dishes.
4 I ordered the spicy pad see ew with pork and Thai tea boba to go. The only reason I give it four stars is because the Thai tea was mid. Nothing amazing to brag about and the size of it was smaller. However I will be coming back because the pad see ew was delicious. Even though I have a closer Thai place to my house Thai paradise was so much better in flavor. Will be returning to dine in because the inside was so cute. Service was also nice and polite !
4.3 I'm not really sure why the reviews here are so good. The food here is really not very good at all. I got naked shrimp, Tom kha with shrimp, papaya salad, pork jerky, and fried fish fillet with apple sauce to go. It was $96 without tip. The lady at the counter and the lady who took my phone call order were very nice and helpful, but they did forget the extra chili I asked for on the side. The spicy scale is not really that spicy. I got a 2 because medium was 3, but tasted no spice at all. Perhaps something was wrong with todays shrimp, but the naked shrimp and the shrimp in the soup tasted rotten. I literally could not eat it. The papaya salad and fish fillet were decent, but lacking the strong flavors that they usually have. The pork jerky was burnt and really dry and chewy and the sauce was also lacking flavor.
4.3 We came here for lunch and ordered 4 dishes: Pad Thai, Pad se'ew, Pineapple fried rice, and Spicy fried rice. Pad Thai was the best among those, and the least favorite was Spicy fried rice which was quite bland. They're considered lunch special in the menu (11am to 3 pm), so we were served together with fried wonton, soup (or salad), and small deserts in the last course. I have to say this meal were so affordable - we paid only around $11/dish and got all of that. Not to mention that the service was great and nothing to complain at this point. Plus, the restaurant itself is spacious, plenty of seats and has pretty nice decoration inside and outside. I would definitely come back frequently if I were living around this area but I am a tourist :(
4.5 Local favorite! The food is always good and fresh with friendly service. Love their lunch special- soup, 2 fried wontons, rice, main course, and sweet red bean dessert for about $13; just a little bit higher than a fast-food restaurant combo but you get all freshly made healthy food!Noticed there has been a price increase in the past few months, but it is covid time, and its very difficult for family-owned restaurants to keep running, please do support local and dine local!!
4 Stopped by for lunch on a Saturday and was seated immediately. To my surprise, they had lunch special on the weekend as well! I ordered the yellow curry lunch special, which came with a complimentary soup and dessert! The soup was a very light version of a tom yum soup and the dessert was some sort of purple rice dessert (with hints of corn pieces lol). The dessert sounds weird but tasted really good! I just didn't opt to eat the corn pieces. The curry, however, was just okay. The potatoes had that taste when something starts to go bad and starts to taste funky. I ended up just just eating everything else and around the potatoes. For the price, it's a really great deal! Unfortunately, the quality was not there for me.
3.5 Really good food, prices are affordable.Ordered Chili basil, dumplings, pad see ew, and spicy fried rice. Was all delicious
4.5 Good service, food came quick and was tasty. Good price and sweet complimentary dessert.
4.5 Good service, food came quick and was tasty. Good price and sweet complimentary dessert.
4 I've been here multiple times, and the service has always been great. My recent takeout order included beef pad see ew and Thai fried rice with a combination of shrimp, chicken, and beef. The food was well-packaged and tasted as good as I remembered.
4 The place was beautiful and clean and the food was was great! The staff were friendly and will take care of you without much waiting. I recommend this business
4 I feel like the food quality has gone down a lot here and yet prices are kind of high :/ I got beef satay from here which has always been my favorite and they were soooo tough. In recent times when I've tried ordering anything else,  its been amiss. The coconut soup is still pretty good. But I feel like the prices are just not justified with the quality of food here anymore :/
4 Some things are great here. But some things really miss the mark. The beef satay is so delicious here, and I love their cucumber salad. I also really love the included fried wontons. The deep fried garlic prawns are delicious.However, I've been disappointed by most of the noodle dishes I've ordered here. I've found their noodles to be dry and bland.  The noodle soup was also just okay. I think their meat dishes are fantastic but sadly their noodles are not the best.
4.5 I was really surprised at how delicious their food was! And I ordered take out during quarantine and they made the food pretty quick and the service was great. We called in our order and then wanted to add more to the order when we got there, and they brought our order to our car in less than 10 minutes! Now for the details on the food-Beef satay; SO GOOD! 5 stars. Definitely worth the money. Came with at least 6 or 7 sticks I don't remember but it was a lot. The steak was good quality and thick cuts of meat. The peanut sauce tasted awesome and they gave a good amount :) and the cucumber salad was super yummy too with some red onions, onions, and shredded carrots in there.The deep fried garlic shrimp- pretty pricey(about $20 with a small side of rice) but it was SO DAMN GOOD that we're definitely gonna order it again. The sauce with the shrimp was amazing and we put it on top of the rice after. The shrimp were huge, juicy, and didn't taste fishy at all. 5 stars. Papaya salad;The only thing I was a bit dissappinted about. I ordered medium spicy cuz I usually eat everything spicy but damn my mouth was on fire and I couldn't really eat it. Now I know. It was tasty but for some reason the papaya was different consistency than I'm used to. I probably wouldn't order again.Thai salad; also so delicious!! Definitely can't wait to come back and dine in when this quarantine is all over. This is super close to my house and might be a new favorite. Must try! Support them and order take out during these hard tine
4.5 I was really surprised at how delicious their food was! And I ordered take out during quarantine and they made the food pretty quick and the service was great. We called in our order and then wanted to add more to the order when we got there, and they brought our order to our car in less than 10 minutes! Now for the details on the food-Beef satay; SO GOOD! 5 stars. Definitely worth the money. Came with at least 6 or 7 sticks I don't remember but it was a lot. The steak was good quality and thick cuts of meat. The peanut sauce tasted awesome and they gave a good amount :) and the cucumber salad was super yummy too with some red onions, onions, and shredded carrots in there.The deep fried garlic shrimp- pretty pricey(about $20 with a small side of rice) but it was SO DAMN GOOD that we're definitely gonna order it again. The sauce with the shrimp was amazing and we put it on top of the rice after. The shrimp were huge, juicy, and didn't taste fishy at all. 5 stars. Papaya salad;The only thing I was a bit dissappinted about. I ordered medium spicy cuz I usually eat everything spicy but damn my mouth was on fire and I couldn't really eat it. Now I know. It was tasty but for some reason the papaya was different consistency than I'm used to. I probably wouldn't order again.Definitely can't wait to come back and dine in when this quarantine is all over. This is super close to my house and might be a new favorite. Must try! Support them and order take out during these hard times :)
4.4 The Tom yum ka is so bland.... I had to add a lot of seasonings to it. Taste like evaporated milk mixed with water and dried chilis . Pad see ew was crappy too. The noodles could've been cooked a touch less and the flavor could've been more potent . The beef was dry and powdery. I really didn't know how this place has more than 4 stars. Go to Thai purple instead . Or any other Thai place to be honest. I don't usually post reviews but I am a chef at a restaurant and I just don't understand how anyone can make Thai food this bland : /
3 Thai Paradise is awesome. Great place for lunch with a pretty big lunch special menu. From what I can tell it's 7 days a week including weekends.We got the pad Thai and basil chicken with a skewers plate as an app. The pad Thai was my favorite. Tasty. Seasoned.The service was great. The entire staff is friendly and there are plenty of tables. Parking is fine with a multi level parking structure behind the restaurant.Overall: Will return for some Thai food.
3 This place got great reviews but not authentic in my opinion and I ate at many Thai restaurants !  You can taste plenty of MSG in the fried rice and seafood !
4 Food was terrible today, tried to support them as they are closing, but I guess they do not care anymore, even the won tons were terrible. The beef tasted old and possibly have gone bad.
4 It was amazing to see that they have so much food variety and great/friendly service. The ambiance of the place was very formal but warm and inviting. I was very surprised to see fried ice cream on their menu, so I ordered it and it was absolutely amazing. The ice cream but melty, the dough was crispy, and best of all is was beautiful
3 I was driving around and randomly craving for Thai Food. It just happened that I was close by Thai Paradise. Never been here before. We ordered Pad See Ew and Thai Paradise signature fried rice. Both were very delicious. Staff also nice. Definitely will return again !!!
4 Really solid Thai place with great staff, reasonable prices. My fam and I have started coming to once a week. Child friendly is a plus. We like most of their noodle dishes and their eggplant basil dish the most. I like that they offer spice level from 0-10 on their dishes that have spice :). Haven't tried their drinks but see quite a few people order them as well.
5 This is another restaurant we visit quite often. Friendly staff & great food. The place is clean & beautifully decorated. Waiters already know what we like . Truly enjoyable cuisine can eat this every day .
5 Thai Paradise gives good tasting food with  decent portions on a moderately priced menu. I usually order the safe dishes such as the crying tiger(bbq beef), pad thai and yellow curry. The crab fried rice wasn't very remarkable and the green curry wasn't as good as the other curry dishes. They also give you  purple jasmine rice in coconut sauce as dessert, which is simple yet good. The staff is always friendly here. I'd definitely pick this restaurant as one of my favorite Thai places in the SGV
5 Is really good totally recommended. The dessert sticky rice is really good, the restaurant is clean
3 Came in for lunch recently on a weekend. Located on the first floor of Mar plaza. Plenty of parking spot. I haven't been to the restaurant in many years. I'm glad it's still around. Service was on point. We ordered a number of dishes including some of the lunch special menu which comes with soup or saladOverall the food is good. I liked the pad se ew and the moon ping sticky rice. I thought the green curry was too watery. I didn't like the pad Thai as I thought it was a bit sour, however, it was popular among my group. The noodle supreme was really tasty. The pad woon sen was a miss --- not enough noodles and the prawns were not very tasty. The house dessert was quick the treat. Would come back again. Overall 3.5 stars.
3.6 Can't say anything about their food other than it is DELICIOUS! Huge servings can be shared by 2-3 persons. Staff are friendly and attentive. We didn't have to wait long for the food to be served. Though the calamares came in last (it was supposed to be an appetizer) so we end up eating the calamares along with the main dish, which is really not big of a deal. Ambiance is great. Ideal for family and group of people. Good location, plenty of parking.
4.2 I made a reservation with a large party on Saturday and they were very accommodating. We were greeted by the friendly staff and seated earlier than our reserved time. We put in our orders and it came out at a decent rate. Food was good and everyone did enjoy their meals. Only downside is that the soup hotpot dishes don't come with rice, so you'd have to place an order of rice separately. Everything is reasonably priced with other Thai restaurants.
4.5 Good food, nice place  and very friendly staff. They serve fast. We will surely be back to taste the rest of their menu.
4 Food is delicious! But their LUNCH special portions are quite small for those with a big appetite. We placed a large group order for our company. They offered free delivery (not including tip of course) and everything was perfectly packaged into one gigantic box. Really appreciate the thought they put into packaging the food so I can easily carry all 14 lunch specials! I ordered their pad see ew lunch special which comes with a side salad (no soup option for to-go orders T_T) and two fried wontons; no rice if you opt for a noodle dish. Most pad see ew is not spicy but this place allows you to customize your spicy level which I love! I ordered my pad see ew in medium spicy and it was perfect for me. Some other things to note for the lunch special is that the pad see ew only comes with a tofu or pork option. If you are looking to get chicken pad see ew, you will need to order the full entrée. I've ordered their full size entree's in the past and it's a lot of food! So if you are looking for big portions, definitely get the entrée rather than the lunch specials.
3.5 This is the only Thai place I visit! Dine in or take out is good either way. The food tastes fresh and not overly seasoned with salts! You can really taste the quality of Asian cuisine in their dishes. I have had many of the items on the menu so it's hard to pick!  But the menu is very big if you want to try something new.But the items I regularly orders are the  pad Thai, fried rices, and pad see ew!I even tried the skewers once AND THOSE WERE BOMB. Anyway definitely not a place to sleep on for Thai food! Good ambiance and service and very good for take out as well! Good portions and good quality!!!
4.5 I ordered the Pad Thai and pad see ew! Honestly so good. I've been trying to find a proper Thai food place around here! Very good!
4.5 In a small location the food is great. Can order ahead of time by making a phone call first.
4 I've been eyeing this place for quite some time and finally got a chance to stop by during lunch! They have lunch combo specials as well as a regular menu that's available. I'm also a huge proponent of photos on the menu, which makes it incredibly helpful to order new things. We ordered 3 dishes, all of which i had not ordered before from other Thai places, all of which were delicious, filling, and from my point of view authentically Thai. I don't have the exact titles of the dishes but there are photos!Lunch combos come with either a soup or salad. We opted for soup which was like a mini Tom Kha. Thai Paradise Beef -- love the green sauce, the meat was tender and seasoned well. Add some of those thai chili peppers on top -- yum! The lunch combo comes with 2 crab rangoons too, but the frying must have deflated them too much - minimal filling in there. Khao Soy Noodle Soup -- Coconut-y, creamy, and bouncy thick noodles that grabbed onto the broth. The shrimps were cooked perfectly and large in size as well. Would order this again!Glass noodle stir fry with shrimp - another solid dish that brought a different flavor to our meal. It was more 'smokey' in the sense of bring stir-friend, the shrimp has the skin on there were veggies in there that gave it a nice crunch. At the end of the meal we were given from Thai tapioca mungbean pudding which strongly resembles cha in Vietnamese desserts. A small bowl goes a long was and was a great finisher to the meal! For 2, we overstuffed ourselves and still had plenty of leftovers!
4 Great food, doesn't get too loud here. Menu is pretty standard, good thai food. Has all you typically look for. Price is generally reasonable for thai food. I've gone several times with large groups for the last few years and never disappoints. The Tom Kah (chicken) is my favorite there, but usually good to share it with others and get another rice or noodle dish. The Beef Pad See Ew is good, along with the Supreme Noodles which was what we got on our last visit.
4 This place is really delicious, but is not always consistent. Sometimes it tastes very authentic on par with the Thai Town Hollywood places, but sometimes it can be really off lacking in spices/flavors (have noticed this more during lunch times, maybe different chefs at that time?). but regardless, its always great value for the portions
4.5 It's my 3rd time eating at Thai Paradise and I decided to go for Mother's day and try new plates, some were awesome not the Pad see ew no flavor at all.Customer Service is great they're on top of everything, very quick with the food and polite.The place had balloons all over for Mother's day It was a very nice touch.The parking lot is very convenient in the back.Recommended it.
4 Awesome Thai food I usually get their curries especially because I can make it as spicy as I want with whatever protein I want. They also give you extra deserts like red bean if you eat inside and just have good service. If you are a fan of Asian cuisine their is a grocery store and a ton of other good restaurants all under the same building as wrll
4.5 Panang curry - this was good! The curry flavor was very nice and there is a good amount of vegetables to meat ratio. Only thing is it doesn't come with rice so you have to order it on the side... not sure if people eat just curry aloneDrunken noodles - this was also very tasty. It did have a lot of vegetables though, a little too much bell peppers that I wish was a little cooked more. Portion size for both were pretty big. We decided to come after a bad takeout experience a few months ago and I think it was better.
4.3 I came here a couple years ago and the food was really good so I ordered takeout today but it was lacking flavor. I got the pineapple fried rice and added shrimp for $2.50 and it only came with 2 shrimps. The fried rice could've had more flavor in my option. We also got pad Thai and there were no bean sprouts but lots of carrots. I also wish there were more flavor to the noodles. The noodles were also a little dry. We got chicken as the protein for the pad Thai and there wasn't much chicken in it. However their portions are pretty big and it was filling. I wish I got their other noodle dishes instead.
5 Food are delish!!!Go to are the fried tofu, veggies ong choy, and we just also ordered the steamed fish with lemon and it's so exquisite! Usual staples noodles pad Thai and pad see ew are also a must  have! Desserts are too die for- sticky rice and red beans/rice are super yummy!!!
4 The food was great I had the roasted duck salad it was incredibly tasty. This would be a great restaurant for a special occasion it's so nice inside and I felt comfortable. The service was excellent my waiter was very attentive and I can tell everyone is really friendly. I also got some desert with durian and it was perfect then they brought me another complimentary desert and I was so full it was amazing!
4 Our group of 8 dined at Thai Paradise on a Monday evening and we each had a positive experience. Every member of our group had different tastes and palates, some pickier than others, some had certain allergies-- thai paradise was able to accommodate all. Our server answered all of our questions and was friendly while doing so. The food was fresh and flavorful. The prices were great. I would come back.
5 No wonder Thai Paradise has such a high overall rating! I was seated promptly on a Tuesday night and the waiter was attentive throughout the meal. The pad Thai was great, though it wasn't served with lime wedges. Upon asking for them, he brought us a small bowl of lemon juice. The tomyum noodle soup was spectacular. I'm a tomyum fiend and am happy to report that it was one of the best tomyum soups I've had in LA. It had just the right balance of tart to salt and lots of aromatics. I can't wait to come visit again!
4 Bad food. Like really bad. Friendly service and a pleasant atmosphere but the food was so bad I didn't finish it and then threw out the leftovers.
4 Took my mom for a l bday dinner , place was clean and looked very nice . We don't eat meat and they had plenty of options to work with ,our server was nice to repeat the "no meat just veggies" back to us  without any judgement (love that). We got yellow veggie curry ,pineapple fried rice with extra veggies , and pad Thai with veggies .(I also order shrimp tempura) . Everything was delicious , fresh, and hot ! We literally wiped all the plates down . They also gave us some type of complimentary dessert pudding at the end , was nice & sweet . Definitely would be back if I'm ever in the area again.
2 Decided to bring my sisters & brother n law for lunch. Was not disappointed with the selection of dishes on the lunch special menu. Food was very tasty and delicious. Will definitely be back for more.
5 Had the best catfish red curry and veggie fried rice with side of fried garlic!!For dessert warm coconut sweet milk with sweet sticky rice and sweet mango!Service is super warm and friendly Ambiance in the restaurant was quite as it was after the lunch rushGreat place to eat
4 The food was ok, the service was very good, but they definitely have to do something about the smell of the place, I don't know if it's the carpet but since we entered my daughter the first thing she said was mom smells like Cheetos!
3 Came in because of the high number of reviews for this place, order Tom Yum Soup which was good but a bit on the salty side, also got Basil Chicken but didn't like that it was ground chicken, lastly got the Pad Thai with beef which was my favorite of the 3. I enjoyed the service as they were quick and kept asking if we needed anything. The restroom is at the entrance for the men and the opposite side of the women.
4.3 The Thai BBQ is a must. It's appearance seems to be lack lusting and unimpressive but the the taste is on point. It is juicy and has a smoky flavor. Service is great and waiters are friendly.The ambience is welcoming and cozy.
4.2 I was not actually planning to have my lunch here. Since the other restaurant closed near by, I tried this after checking reviews. They gave lunch specials on weekend as well, which is not a case at many Thai restaurants. Lunch specials comes with a cup of soup, a small fried crispy chicken wonton and rice. I orders spicy chicken and red curry from lunch special and chicken satay. Chicken satay was good. It came with small salad, peanut sauce and sweet pickled cucumbers. The soup was flavorful. Wonton was like crispy wafer with tiny bit of minced chicken, comes with sauce. The spicy chicken was delicious and comes with a cup of rice. The red curry was ok, it has more turmeric and no flavor at all. At the end they give a red bean with rice dessert along with the check. It was sweet surprise and excellent way to end a meal. They have parking on street and at the back. Food: 3.5Service: 4Ambiance: 3.5
4.5 Great customer service guest experience. Food was very decent and ar a good price point in the afternoon.
4 I'm not a fan of taking their order to go but sitting inside is much better. I have ordered pad thai noodles that are slightly better than average but nothing exceptionally special that is going to win my favor order. I also enjoy ordering their mango rice ice cream. I like the nearby businesses so I am here often and it is a good meal spot when I need food after doing software engineering or other professional work nearby in a cafe. Parking space here is really tight. I like to park in their spaces or parallel to the curb so that I can leave more easily. I do not panic about driving and parking in that spot though because sometimes the bad drivers on Atlantic Blvd will hit into my property if they aren't good drivers.
3.5 This has been my go-to neighborhood place for Thai food. My regular orders always include chicken pad Thai and Tom kha chicken soup. They've always been nice and courteous but we had placed a large order at work and they missed a thai tea from our order and it turned into unnecessary drama and blame on the customer.
4.5 Hands down IMO one of the best Thai Restaurants in LA. I've came here about 3x and each time the service is exceptional. Coupled with amazing tasting food and an array of options, you will not be disappointed. Pork Jerky is now probably one of my favorite foods ever. Love this place.
4.5 The food was so delicious here. Everything was so flavorful and authentic. Got taken here for my birthday  and I enjoyed it all especially tha pad Thai noodles and the green curry. The seafood fried rice was also very delicious. The portions were big perfect for family style. Can't wait to go back!!
4 The food is delicious for sure, got the chicken rice and the pad see ew with a free side of egg roles and let me tell you lived up to the hype. The rice was so flavorful with lots of basil and the noodle dish was savory with a really good amount of meat. 10/10 would recommend this place
4 Came by for some early dinner after a day in LA. We ordered the pad Thai and the chicken satay as well. We parked in the back, which is free, parking and very convenient and close to the restaurant. When we walked in, were able to get seated right away and make her orders. The Pattye was all right however, it was missing the district pad Thai flavor. The chicken satay sticks where HUGE. Tasty though. Food came out relatively quick and staff was nice.
4 This place is my go to Thai spot in the 626 area! My favs to order are the Tom yum soup, pad Thai with chicken and Pad See Ew with beef - you can't go wrong with any of these! The Pad See Ew is so flavorful and the noodles will literally melt in your mouth. It's delicious! They also give you huge servings here so I was able to take almost half the meal home for leftovers the next day. The restaurant is located in a plaza but it's facing the sidewalk so you can't miss it! There's plenty of street parking however if you can't find any, there's a parking lot in the back. There's plenty of restaurants in this plaza but I think this place is definitely worth a try!
4 Cheap prices (lunch combo!!), nice service, and delicious food. I will definitely be back My friend and I came here to satisfy our Thai craving. We ordered the Thai toast, yellow curry lunch combo, and chicken and soft tofu lunch combo. Our server was attentive but not overbearing. The Thai toast was amazing! It was freshly deep-fried to perfection and stuffed with a meat filling. It paired perfectly with the dipping sauce. My friend and I definitely burned the roofs of our mouths as we scarfed down the toast but it was SO worth it.The meal sets each came with a bowl of tom yum soup and two fried wontons. The soup was simple, pungent, and flavorful, and the sourness packed a good punch that contrasted with the grease of the deep-fried toast we were scarfing down. The soup was pretty much just broth with a few mushrooms and strips of chicken, but hey, it was part of the combo and delicious so whatever! The wontons were so crispy, and the dipping sauce was the same as the one used for the Thai toast. Man that combo of fried stuff and sauce is just too good... The filling was quite small but the wontons were well-fried, crispy but not dripping with grease.The chicken and soft tofu dish was wonderful. It came with a ton of basil which gave the dish a delicious fragrance. You can customize spice levels and I got level 5, which packed a gentle kick but was not too overwhelming. I think I will definitely get a higher spice level next time. The soft tofu was deep fried, which, HOW DO THEY EVEN DO THAT doesn't the tofu fall apart??! Anyways my surprise aside, the dish was deep fried rounds of soft tofu, ground chicken, and a delicious sauce. It was such a "rice thief", I couldn't stop mixing my rice with the dish and shoving it into my mouth, the taste was addicting. Despite the amount we both ate, my friend and I STILL left with enough leftovers for another meal; the portions were HUGE.We also had a wonderful surprise at the end of our meal when our server brought little saucers of a free dessert. I think it was a warm coconut sticky rice pudding. Holy crap! I thought I was full but I definitely could have put away a few more saucers of this sweet, comforting dessert. Second stomach for dessert and all. Perfect way to end a great meal.
4.5 It appears that this location has new owners.  Would not eat here again after over a decade of eating here.My lunch arrived 23 minutes after the person I was dining with.  And it was the fish was so over cooked that it is inedible.
4.4 Ordered pad thai, drunken noodle, pad see ew, and green curry for take out. After reading so many great reviews about this place, I was really excited to try this place out. Maybe take out doesn't do justice, but I really thought the food was average at best. Pad thai was mediocre, bland, and the noodles were all stuck together and super dry. Same thing for drunken noodle and pad see ew. Green curry was super watery and the texture just wasn't there. Maybe my opinion will change if I dine-in at the restaurant but from my takeout experience, this place definitely needs a lot of work.I mean maybe I'm just trippin, what y'all think? ??
4.5 The food was horrible and salty.  They overcharged us for regular ice tea $7 (Thai ice tea was $5.00).  I asked the waitress about the salty food and the price of ice tea. She didn't seem to care.  Stayaway from this place.   Eat some where else.
5 Food was very tasty! The service that day was good, we saw it looked full, but we still got seated fast. Ambiance is causal and good for family, friends, or dates :)Definitely will be returning
4 We came and got 4 lunch specials. Good price for the amount of food you get. We got the PadThai, Red Curry, Three Flavor Shrimp, and orange Chicken.
4 Delicious Thai food in the 626! Thai food is one of my favorite cuisines and places are either good or really good. This place is really really good. Its in the same plaza as sun right and half and half, so you have some boba options after!
5 Found this place on Yelp! while searching for good Thai food in the area. They have lunch specials. The food was honestly the best Thai food I've had. Parking is easy in the back and they have a wide selection for food. Their pad thai noodle is pretty amazing. Looking for any reason to return to the area just to enjoy another meal here.I would highly recommend this spot. They're friendly and the place is clean.
5 Walking In, we are welcomed with friendly faces. First time, ordering take out, we grab a menu and chose their eggplant basil, crab fried rice, chow mien noodles with chicken. Crazy for the chow mien now. Dishes were fresh, full of flavors, spiciness, enough to lick the plate. An enchanting, plenty of room, comfortable setting, of a place. A true "paradise."Oh yeah, parking in the back too.
2 Great place i coming back every time I'm at this area , they have good food place is clean people who working so friendly and nice and the price really cheap for all what you getting in lunch hour ! Highly recommended
4 They are amazing! Love all their food! Generous servings! Their crab fried rice is to die for. Love also the beef jerky and ribs. I've only had takeouts and everything's always prepared properly, thank you. My fave thai place in this side of town!
5 I came here for lunch, particularly selected this Thai restaurant for an outdoor patio option.. such a lovely day to sit outside! To my surprise, they have a nice shaded area for outdoor dining and delicious food! Lots of parking in the back. It's located in a busy strip mall surrounded by other eateries and Asian super markets. My friend ordered a fried rice and I ordered a Tom Yum noodle bowl. They both came in disposable cutlery. The spice is sooo good and the flat rice noodles yummy! They also gave us a coconut rice pudding dessert after our meal! This place is now on my list of fav local Thai spots~
5 We ordered their tom yum soup, shrimp pad thai, and chicken satay via uber eats today.Tom yum kai: We ordered this in mild spicy, and it was perfect. It wasn't overly sour, and had a good amount of mushrooms and chicken in the soup, 5/5. Shrimp pad thai: The dish was very good, and portion was generous. There was about 6-7 large shrimps in the dish too. For to-go, they have peanuts under the aluminum foil in the takeout box. My only complaint is that I wish they gave me a slice or two of lemon or lime for the dish. But we still enjoyed it, 5/5.Chicken satay: The sauce was yummy and had a good peanut flavor. However, our chicken didn't have much flavor and was pretty dry, so I would give it a 3.5/5.Overall, we had a good experience with our ubereats order. The food was packaged tightly, and the bag was tied and then taped to ensure no tampering.
2 Came here for lunch and wow what a deal. They have lunch specials for 11 dollars and it includes soup or salad with fried wontons with the entree and at the end a lil dessert. I ordered 3 items for me and my friend. I chose the drunken noodles, pad pri king pork which is curry string beans with pork and spicy basil chicken with tofu.  Since we had 3 items we chose 2 soups and 1 salad. The soup is tom yum chicken and very authentic tasting. The salad was simple with a delicious creamy dressing. I really like the spicy condiments and had to ask for it. It came in this pretty ceramic containers with 4 different seasoning. Our meal came and wow the flavors were superb. I really like the basil chicken with tofu. Servers were attentive and friendly. This really is a hidden gem in SGV that doesn't get the recognition it deserves.
5 Great for take out during covid. Dishes were packed nicely and prepared quickly. Large portion and affordable price. Loved that I could customize how spicy I'd like for each dish.Tom Ka soup was on the more sour and gingerly side. Not as creamy. But still pretty good. Loved the stir fry veggies. Came with a variety of vegetables and was very flavorful with the crispy garlic. Requested extra sauce for Pad Thai and it was good. Pad see eew was lacking flavor, maybe needed extra sauce as well.Pad Woon Soon with pork was my favorite!
1 I spent $35 on soup. Wonton and Tom yum chicken. Disappointment is an understatement. I swear the wonton soup was just the water they boiled the dumplings in. WATER it tasted like water!!!!!! And the wontons had been cook to the point they disintegrated as soon as I added them to the broth. Tom yum was bland as well.The satisfying comfort the soups normally bring me we're completely lost at this restaurant. $35 on soup that tastes like water. In fact like tap water. So I wonder if they even cooked it or if they legit just watered down soup to order. Anyways never going back! Can't get the basics right I wouldn't waste my money on trying anything else.
1 I'm so sorry! I love that this place offers delivery with an x amount total (i forget how much). I also love their friendliness when I'm trying to order and don't know what I want. I usually come here because it's conveniently nearby. However.. the most recent time we ordered here we encountered a piece of shrimp shell in our beef pad see ew. I don't have a picture because we threw it out along with the dish as soon as we saw it ( we already finished half of it.) If any of us had a shrimp allergy it would've been very harmful. This is just a notice to beware of what you are consuming and always double check. I'm sure the other dishes here are great but unfortunately wont be coming back due to this experience.  For your information, I've visited this place several other times. This spot is the closest to me and best rated in the area so I really wanted to like it but sadly its a no from me :( Honorable mention: their purple coconut rice dessert is really good!! I think its the "house dessert" and reminds me of vietnamese chè
4 Dine in food experience is always good. As much as you can rely on the dine in experience to be good, you can equally expect the delivery and take out experience to be total trash. Every meal I've ordered to go , pick up or post mates has been an utter disrespect to food. I'd be better off buying shelf bought curry and pour it on cooked cup of noodles. Every dish tonight ordered thru postmates was horrible. Burned mango sticky rice, bland noodles, watered down curry with spar e vegetables and huge cubes of tofu. I called them to complain and they just hung up on me. Garbage service
3.6 Service: ok. We arrived right when they opened on a weekday and were the 1st customers. There were no greetings by the Staff. A younger girl came by and dropped off the menu. Food: ordered their lunch special green curry catfish and pad see ew. The pad see ew was super oily n caused major bloating. The green curry catfish was slightly better. Likely won't go back considering it was my 1st time trying their food. The only plus was the price of the lunch specials are pretty affordable.
4.2 literally SO GOOD. we got beef pad thai, yellow curry, and thai fried rice. everything was so good and perfect for sharing! I am obsessed and the workers were very nice. i would def come back and make the drive to eat here! really nice that it's in a good area with desserts and drinks too.
4.5 Seems Thai paradise may have done some adjustments to their ingredients on some dishes, the Tom yum goong is below average, satay beef is mediocre , however their pad see ew is still good, overall, pretty decent meal as their prices has not gone up as much as other restaurants even though it is higher than before
4 Food was okay...nothing to write home about. The beef in the kee maw was bit stringy. Eggplant with basil was good, nothing too remarkable. Really liked the sauce that came with eggplant and mixing it with rice. Thai iced tea was pretty good but maybe a little too sweetAt the end there was a small warm desert we weren't expecting so that was nice. Don't know name but some type of red bean or rice that was sweet. Service was great and really stood out. Had a very nice polite waiter
3.5 Decent Thai food place with huge portions.  I was driving past the area for some and decided to stop by to pick up dinner.  I called from the parking lot because I decided last minute I wanted Thai Paradise.  They quoted me about 15 minutes.  Perfect timing because I wanted to get a boba.  (I stopped by Half and Half next door while I was waiting).  I wandered over after 15 minutes and they gave me my food and I was on my way.  I ordered pad see ew with beef, spicy basil chicken and tom yum soup.  The first thing I noticed was the the portions were really big for a Thai food place.  I ended up eating the food for a couple of days.  As for the food itself, I thought it was good, but a little on the bland side.  I ended up putting soy sauce on most of the dishes.  I also thought that the soup was a little flavorless.  But, during the pandemic, I thought it was decent food and I really enjoyed the portion size.  I would come back here if I am in the area.
4.5 Best Thai food I've had in a long time and very good service as well! 10/10 parking was easy and food comes out quickly!
4.5 I went here for lunch w/family on a Sunday afternoon in early January. The place had a few people inside. Inside looks ornate w/typical Thai decor. The service was good and pleasant. I ordered the lunch special pad see ew and it was ready in a flash. He gave us a pitcher of water and cups so no need for refills. The pad see ew is similar to beef chow fun w/gai lan veggies. Also they serve free bowl of mushroom soup which was good with hint of spice. Good food overall.
4 Super solid Thai food.  Great food and service.  Parking is kinda a chore with this entire plaza, but the food options here are great.Favorite dishes: yellow curry and pad see ew with beef.The taste is consistently good.
4 Ordered Pad Woon Sen medium spicy with seafood. It tasted sweet and not spicy at all... same as the appetizers. The portion was huge tho. But anyway too sweet for me, don't really like it:(
4 Delicious Thai food! Service is quick and friendly, plenty of seating, and close by to lots of dessert places for afterwards! Everything we got was tasty. Only wish they had mango for their mango sticky rice dessert. They give a complementary sweet purple rice dessert at the end of the meal so that was nice. - Papaya salad: zesty and crunchy. There's lot of small dried shrimp which might not be preferable for some, but I enjoyed them. - Satay Skewers: beef and chicken were both good. The chicken was surprisingly tender and I liked that more than the beef skewers. Comes with peanut sauce and cucumber sauce. - Pad see ew: my favorite dish here! Sweet, savory wide rice noodles with some Chinese broccoli. You have the option to make it spicy, I think, but non-spicy is just as good. - green curry: the veggie-filled option of the curry. The curry itself is as creamy or rich as the panang or yellow curry, but the flavor is still good. Great for veggie lovers, and you can still add protein too!- pineapple fried rice: this was really good too. Nice curry flavor. Large chunks of pineapples, and comes with a mix of proteins including shrimp and chicken. Plus, I love the cashews in here too. Will definitely return, and may just be our new go-to Thai restaurant! Can't wait to return during mango season for their mango sticky rice!
4.5 I always passed by this area & my ignorance prevented me from experiencing this goodness offered by this spot. Until Yelp filtered for me the best rated asian restaurants & discovered such hidden gem! Of course, the Pad See Ew would have to be in the list. Noodles were perfectly cooked with the right amount of flavors & meat. (Tip: Don't forget to request for vinegar with sliced jalapeños to mix with the pad see ew to enjoy more its salty, subtle sweetness and chargrilled taste.) The Gai Lan with Crispy Pork is top notch. The combination of crunchy pork & crispy leafy veggie (looks like broccoli leaves) in dark garlicky sauce was ridiculously delicious! Yellow curry fried rice could be eaten by itself packed with meat. And finally, the Paradise Shrimp could have been perfect if not with the thick wrap they used overpowering the good quality shrimp. Staff were very attentive. Service was accurately fast. Inside was clean & spacious decorated well in Thai spirit. I already pinned u guys in my collection.
4 Warm, welcoming staff and yummy Thai food. I had the tofu pad thai. The lunch special comes with soup...it was super delicious. It had a citrusy flavor. Plenty of parking behind the restaurant.
3.6 Thai Paradise was my favorite Thai restaurant.... Until today. Ordered six dishes and the portions were so small & the quality definitely wasn't there like how it used to be. Thai Paradise is more pricey than most other Thai restaurants around the 626 area which I didn't mind before, but today will be my last time ordering from there.
4.5 It sure did feel like paradise when eating food from Thai Paradise. Now I get why that's the restaurant's name. Pad thai and crab fried rice are my favorite thai dishes and I always have to order these when I get thai food! Both were cooked to perfection and the flavors were on point. Their portions are also generous. The beef satay was really juicy and had a yummy marinade on it. I got the mango sticky rice as a dessert, and the portion was larger than I expected. The mangos were fresh and the coconut sauce was delicious. If you're searching for tasty and authentic thai food, then this will hit the spot.
5 Not sure what happened to this place... friend and I got pad see ew and pad thai lunch specials today. Both were super bland. I could see the white noodles in the pad see ew, meaning there wasn't enough sauce to coat. The pad Thai also did not have enough sauce or spice. The quantity was a lot but the quality was lacking. They weren't busy at all so not sure why the rush to give our food and not make it right. Multiple servers asked us if we wanted to go boxes since we didn't finish and we kept saying no since we didn't like the food. They were all surprised we didn't want our leftovers but it was just not going to be eaten if we took them home.
5 First time at this restaurant. The pad see eu with tofu was very good. It was a decent portion as well. The larb chicken salad was good too.
5 My mom and I love this restaurant. We order takeout from here all the time. The parking lot/garage here is huge, so we never have an issue with parking. The staff are always so nice to me on the phone and in person. Our favorites are the Pad See Ew with beef and Pad Thai with shrimp. I love that our order always comes with free fried wonton skins filled with ground chicken too. The sour sauce that comes with it pairs really well with it. The menu here is pretty big, so we haven't tried everything yet. We're working on it though! The tom yum soup is perfect for cold nights, and you can't go wrong with curry or fried rice. A standout item that we recently tried though is the Siam Fish. It is this perfectly crispy fish with their rich curry on top. I made my own rice at home to pair with it, but you can also just order a side of rice with it. It all works really well with each other in a way that is difficult to describe.
5 Time: Thursday, 6pm to-go orderOrdered: Thai spicy fried rice, pork.The good -  They got the order right and it was ready well before the pick up time.  There was pork in every couple of bite meaning there was good amount of pork.  There was lots of parking available at the timeThe bad -  Pricing was higher than the quantity given.The meh -  Alright we ordered a medium spicy, there was hardly any spiciness at all. But it is tasty, but not complex tasting.The conclusion -  I don't know, this is another westernized Thai restaurant. Might give it one more try...
5 Everything on the menu is tasty. Literally. It's hard to pick a favorite. Lemongrass coconut soup, any of the seafood dishes, etc
4 4.5 stars?!!!! I would say 2, and that's being generous. I ordered orange chicken. The orange chicken sauce was delicious but wayyyy too much, and the chicken itself (inside) was hard! I ordered a soup, with noodles and I don't know what they used, but it was terrible and reminded me of slop! I was expecting a burst of flavors, but instead I got a wasted amount of time and money. I ate less than 25% of my meal and was asked if I wanted a box , ABSOLUTELY NOT! The only Pro I am giving is to customer service. This restaurant has good customer service which is hard to find now days.
4 I tried take a phone order. They put me on hold for over 20 minutes and then hung up on me. They got rid of online orders, so your only options are phone or in person orders. I'm knocking off a star because I wasted my time on the phone, waiting for the person to get back to me, and no one answered. I could have ordered food from somewhere else during that time.  It's pretty annoying.
4 I used Yelp app to order for delivery.  Free Delivery!There was a coupon online for $2 off.  If you are a first time user of the app, I think there is a $5 off coupon.The delivery was super fast.  I think they estimated it would take 30 minutes or more, but it was here is less than 15.  Portion sizes were good.  Food was yummy and hot.  Everyone was happy.We ordered Pad Thai (way bigger portion than most Thai restaurants), Moo Ping with sticky rice, Thai Iced Tea (small), spicy noodle, and fried rice.
5 I came back here and their portion sizes have improved, and their food is as tasty as ever.  It is one of the better Thai places in the area.  This time I ordered to go. We ordered Pad Thai, Fried Rice, and Tom Yum. Their fried rice portions were generous, and my friends couldn't finish. It was cool how online ordering for pick up is so convenient. You can customize the spiciness for each dish. I asked for some chili sauce, but they only gave one. Other places usually give a few, for such a big order. I guess you need to specifically ask for how many chili packets you want. (I felt like I was trying to get enough nugget sauces at Mc Donalds.)
4 I've been here in 2012, and came back yesterday.  I was sorely disappointed in what I found out.All the prices have increased.  Most of the dishes were priced $5 above most Thai restaurants I have been to.  We ordered the Paradise Beef, The Shrimp, Snow Peas, and Cauliflower, and Mixed Vegetables with Tofu.  The Portion sizes were extremely small for the price.  They were priced as if it should have been family style, but the amount of food seemed like it was meant for individuals.  My group complained that the shrimp dish didn't have enough shrimp, and both the shrimp and mixed vegetables were on the bland side.  The Paradise Beef was well-seasoned and cooked, and the green sauce that accompanied it was excellent.  However, you do not get a lot of beef considering the price, when you compare to other Thai restaurants.I've tried the Pad Thai, the coconut soup, and the fried ice cream, during my previous visit.  They were tasty, with a decent quantity and price.  The fried ice cream was delicious.  I'm not sure why this place is so expensive, and why the portions are so small.
4.3 First time ordering from Thai paradise, the  food was not good at all. Food has no flavor!  I would never come back.
4.3 The service staff are all really wonderful and caring. We came by here to get some food before a music festival and ordered the shrimp & scallops, pad thai, and so on. I've never been to a thai place that wasn't what I'd expect it to be. No complaints.
4.5 Best Thai food place in the whole area! Everything you try here is delicious! I personally recommend the fried Crab Rice!
4 So good! I would recommend dining in to experience the food at its freshest. We ordered duck curry, beef & chicken satay, and pad see ew. They were all tasty and full of flavor, the curries don't come with rice so you'll have to order it separately. The meat dries out a bit if you don't eat it immediately, so eating it as soon as it arrives will give you the most optimal flavor. If you need spice, you can ask the server and they'll bring a tray of 4 spice pots upon request.
3.5 We came here for a graduation celebration dinner and they did not disappoint! Every dish ordered was delicious and the portions were extremely generous. The price is amazing for the quality and portion of food too! Every dish was very tasty and seriously probably the best Thai food I've ever had. Aside from the deliciousness, the service was excellent too. Everyone was friendly and accommodating to our party size. It's been a few days and I am ready to go back!
4.5 Best Thai food I had in years!  Service was excellent and friendly.  Great quality/quantity ratio. Tom Yum was "yum" and crab fried rice was on point. Desert sweet rice was provided free of charge and left our palettes happy, stomach satisfied, and that feeling we will be returning real soon!
4.5 Super friendly people and pretty good food! The place is really cozy and the workers are really friendly. I ordered one of the special noodles (I forgot the exact name...) and it was really similar to chow fun minus the soy sauce. I was hoping to try something new so this was kind of a bummer when it came out lol but it was still really good! My boyfriend got the green curry with a side of rice and that was reaaally delicious. We also got the mango coconut sticky rice and the rice was so good and sweet, it balanced out the slightly sour mangoes perfectly! They also give out a small bowl of free dessert (I think it's red bean?) but I didn't really like that one lol. The total was around $54 after tip and we were stuffed!
4 Food was not tasty at all. We ordered soup, noodles, curry shrimp and fried fish with ginger. Zero flavors. Only service was good maybe because the place was empty when we arrived.
4 The food is great.  We ordered wonton wrapped shrimp, chicken and beef satay as appetizers.  We had Coconut chicken soup, and a Thai salad.  We felt that the large soup was a bit small but it was able to feed all three of us.  The taste of the food was a delight.  I had a Thai Iced tea and my wife had a hot tea.  We were both pleased with our drinks.The service was really good too considering there was only two people helping everyone.  Our waitress was really nice and she brought us free bean and corn desert.  The restaurant seemed clean and I saw them wiping down the tables after each customer.  We didn't like that unused plates and other supplies were visible and placed fairly near tables, as if they didn't have enough cabinets to store them in.  The restrooms appear dirty due to clutter of restaurant chairs, no A.C., and small stalls (This was the only reason we gave them a 4 star).  The A.C. in the restaurant was really nice and the ambiance felt comfortable.  We will be returning to eat here again.
4 The service here is really nice, food is good, and price is great. For some reason we keep thinking that this is an Indonesian-run Thai place. Are we right?! We got takeaway last weekend and man, they had the food within 10 minutes of ordering (via phone). So fast! It was a Saturday and we were able to order from the lunch menu, yay! Lunch menu is always a favorite because it's the same food but cheaper. We got the orange chicken and spicy basil with squid and shrimp, and they come with a side of salad and wonton triangles. We also got 1 Thai tea and the total was around $25. The chicken was a little tough but it's OK. The spicy basil dripped a bit over the plastic bag because it's very liquidy but it's OK.I wouldn't say it's the best Thai place in town but it's fairly priced, speedy service, and the taste isn't that bad. Would go again.The portion is on the smaller size compared to other places. We were able to finish everything in one sitting, which means it's normal portion. Normally, we wouldn't be able to finish and eat the leftover for our next meal!
4 I'm a regular at another Thai restaurant close by, but saw the reviews for this place so decided to give it a try.My Wife and I ordered Pad See Ew with beef and Green Curry with pork.Green Curry 6/10 - (Mild spice level lowest).  This was quite different from what I am used to.  There were peppers, zucchini, carrots and green beans in it.  No bamboo at all.  The curry is very thin, almost too thin.  Needs more coconut milk too.  Not a fan.Pad See Ew 6/10 - Taste decent and lots of beef, but I felt it needed more time in the hot wok.  I'm more used to it being somewhat charred.Overall, not bad.
4.5 Solid solid Thai place. I just love coming here for some authentic thai cuisine, dishes, and drinks. Typically, I order the chicken pad thai, yellow curry, pineapple fried rice, and pad see you, and while everything is really good, the star of the restaurant in my opinion is the chicken pad thai. It is the best chicken pad thai I've ever had. The dish has the right amount of flavor, consistency, and depth. Most thai restaurants make their pad thai a bit dry so I really appreciate the sauce consistency here. And I love their little red bean dessert in the end. Always something I look forward to at the end of my meal :)
4.4 I ordered take out a couple days ago, and the food was just not good. Everything we ordered lacked flavor. We ordered the Tom Yum--tasted like warm water. The pad woon sen noodles and spicy noodles were BLAND. And the yellow curry was subpar. They do give you a TON of food though. It's expensive and the quality is mediocre at best.
3.6 It is pricy little bit. But I start love Thai food because of here. Food is tasty and restaurant is fancy enough.
5 Thai Paradise had good lunch specials. I came here with a colleague of mine for our hour lunch. The service was fast and the food tasted pretty good. The portions were reasonable and our server was diligent in keeping our water cups filled. They had a good parking spot. There wasn't a lot that stuck out as "amazing" but the food quality wasn't bad. I probably wouldn't come back here for Thai food again as there are better places but it's a good option if you're in the area.
5 Not sure how authentic this place is since Tom Yum soup didn't taste like other Thai places I tried and I believe workers were all Chinese at time of my visit.Ordered following:Chicken Pad Thai: Good.  Huge portion. (so much that I thought they accidentally gave 2 orders)Chicken & beef Satay: Good (6 skewers per order)chicken fried rice: GoodTom Yum Koong (shrimp): not bad but it didn't taste like other Thai places.Papaya salad: Excellent... except I got all food at medium spice, this tasted spicier than other dishes at medium.  Pad Thai and Tom Yum ordered at medium tasted mild while this papaya salad ordered at medium tasted medium....and I mean American medium, not Thai medium.   Mango sticky rice: Excellent.
5 This is our go to Thai spot! Our usual dishes are Paradise Beef (the sauce is too die for), Spicy Catfish, Crab Fried Rice, and Beef Salad. But really can't go wrong here. Service is always great and they even offer delicious complementary red bean dessert! Tip of ordering pick up, just call in instead of using services like door dash - it'll be cheaper!
5 Ordered the red curry with beef alacarte so had to order rice as well. Quite costly $18+ for the small quantity. Curry was as good as other Thai places. Cash only if under $20.
5 We have been coming to Thai Paradise for years and it's maintained it's quality and great service.
4 I can't believe this is the first time I came here - I'm very impressed by their dishes.  I seldom give out 5 stars!1) Panang Curry was great.  The curry was rich and tasty.  It was an explosion of sweet, savory, and spiciness!2) Pork jerky was AMAZING!  Not only it was cooked perfectly, it was so crispy but not dried, which is always the case at other restaurants.  I also loved the dipping sauce.
5 Two Thai Paradise locations but my favorite of the two!Delicious food, wonderful customer service, and great place to dine at.It's family run which I love.I typically get Pad See Ew or Pad Thai which is always a good choice here. Parking is super simple and they have a structure right next to the restaurant.There's also tons of options in the plaza for drinks or desserts afterwards if you want!
5 The pad see ew was by far one of the best I had and the paradise fried rice was so good.. we had great service and everyone was so nice and polite. I Would defiantly be back with the family, great place.
4 After craving some Thai food, we decide to come to the closest Thai restaurant. Hearing that this place was decent, I decided to give it a try. I ordered the yellow curry with chicken. I've tried different curries at different Thai restaurants and honestly, the curries are usually delicious. The same goes with this restaurant. The curry was very flavorful and had a good amount of the coconut flavor with the curry broth. BUT it was the chicken that I was disappointed with. I think I'm a person that prefers chicken breast/white meat with the curry. Unfortunately the quality of the chicken wasn't as good to me and kind of dampened the dish overall. Also, I'm not a fan of places that give a surcharge for white rice. I honestly think they should be included with the meal. Either way, the place is decent, nothing that I would consider a standout.
3 I tried their Pad Ki Mao aka Spicy Noodle with chicken and some modifications and they cooked it as ordered! The chicken was tender and the noodles were just the right chewiness (not mushy) which I like. There is a good amount of food. The thai tea is made with half and half and yummy. The lady who helped me was very nice. I did not eat in but it look pretty spacious and clean. It had tables that were suited for families and groups of friends. There is a three-level parking lot in the back. I posted photos of the menu because they have so many items to choose from. Stop by with some peeps and give 'em a try!
5 Food was super solid. The paradise beef was spectacular and would highly recommend ordering. Tom Kah and pad Thai were average. The fried banana dessert was really good.
5 The best Thai food in the world. Simply very delicious. Many plate options to choose from. I recommend Pad Tai. Great atmosphere. Amazing and friendly service.
4.5 My friend Laureen ordered take-out online from Thai Paradise on a recent Sunday evening. My friends often go here for take-out as they live not too far from the intersection of Atlantic & Garvey where Thai Paradise is close to. We ordered stuffed chicken wings ($11.95) It was just ok to me. You get 2 breaded leg and thigh pieces. The breading was more like panko than the eggy batter that this dish usually is made with. I think that threw me off... The flavor was just ok. Also ordered was papaya salad ($9.95) This was good. Your typical Thai version of papaya salad. Everyone liked it.Next we got chicken pad thai ($10.95) This was good. It had good flavor and was a decent sized portion. We also got beef pad see ew ($10.95) and this wasnt as flavorful as I have come to expect from an order of pad see ew. It's a noodle dish I order often and this version just didnt have that sweetened soy flavor. It was a little disappointing because pad see ew is one of my favorites. Lastly we ordered chicken satay sticks ($10.95) and this was well liked by everyone. You get about 6 skewers with peanut dipping sauce and a pickled salad. This was good and one of the better things I liked from our meal.Take-out service was friendly. They were very busy for take-out that night and looked to be for dining-in as well. We waited a while until we got our food but our order was complete and the cashier and hostess were both helpful. I just think that Thai Paradise was pricier in comparison to many other similar restaurants in and around the area for the amount of food you get.Free parking in a shared lot.
4.2 Portion are EXTREMELY small, not enough for one person. Also, the boss lady there always talks bad stuffs about the customers in Thai languages in front of me and other customers. Beware of this restaurant.
4.5 Great service! Delicious food and super clean! The staff is very friendly. They greet you as soon as you walk in. Definitely recommend this place. The food is delicious! Super tasty including the Thai tea
4 I have been to this place multiple times over the years. The food is always solid.  Their lunch specials are a great deal and the menu is so vast. I always get good customer service and they are a very nice mom and pop shop. This time, I got take out and just ordered the green curry with chicken lunch special. Portions are ok and I feel like it's a little smaller due to the container they use to put the curry in but it still tasted good. The curry was more on the watery side but it didn't bother me too much. When I walked in, they greeted me and sounded so happy and thankful for my business. Go support them if you can!
3.5 Summary: pretty good Thai foodThis place is now my favorite Thai food place outside of Thai town. I favor the chicken satay over the beef satay. The Tom yum soup was balanced not overly sweet but yet savory. Thai ice tea was also good. The place looks beautiful inside so if you want to take some out-of-town guest they will be impressed. One of my test is how their squid salad taste and they didn't disappoint. The squid was hot while the salad was cold. Squid wasn't tough but yet it was thoroughly cooked. Sadly, I didn't get to taste any mango sticky rice since it was out of season. But they did have durian sticky rice which the family enjoyed. The scallop dish was also great and would order it again. Overall very impressed and would come back again to try more good.
4.5 I may not be the best person to review this because although I have been to Thailand and have of course eaten a lot of Thai food, I am not expert.  So you have to take my review with that in mind.  I say that because I am Korean and when a non-Korean makes certain comments about a Korean restaurant I'm like:  "uh that's what its supposed to taste like idiot!"  But in summary I really liked the food, but there were some things I didnt quite like.To be different I ordered the Pho Tack soup which I have never heard of, but thought I'd give it a try.  It was very good.  Had a lemon grass flavor which I was trying to avoid but thought I was likely going to get it in any Thai soup I ordered.  Everything was good, fresh and quite good.  However, they had these strands of ginger that was a bit too much for me.  A few pieces or even smaller pieces would have been better.  Again, I dont know what this soup is supposed to taste like but it was way too strong for me and I think for anyone else unless you LOVE ginger.  Still good, but I had to pick out most of the ginger.I also ordered the Chili Paste Combo, which after I got it forgot that Thai Chili paste is quite oily.  So this was very oily.  Again flavorful and seemed like fresh ingredients with a lot of seafood and not just imitation crab, but way too oily for my taste.  I liked it but probably won't order it again.Finally I ordered the Mixed Vegetables with pork, very spicy.  FIrst of all it was not spicy at all; however, it was good.  Fresh, seasoned well, etc., but I wanted really spicy and expected some thai chili or something.  The 3 orders were really good and came in good portions sizes.  But you tell me.  Is Pho Tak supposed to be THAT gingery and Is a Chili Paste Combo THAT oily?Oh and I also thought rice would be included, but it was not.  Nothing came with it.  I asked for extra chili or hot sauce and I got 2 semi hot sauces.I was not very excited about my order but will order again; however, I will probably order something different.
4.5 Wow! Talk about unethical business practices. So I went in with my father, husband and two teenagers here today for dinner. Five people total - the number of people is important for the end of the story. We ordered 5 dishes total (soup, curry, 2 noodles, and cashew chicken). While ordering the guy taking our order was visibly getting upset because my father kept asking if he could bring the soup with the hot sauce and before the food. Hmm.... Not sure what there was to get all upset about what we were like... ok if this situation doesn't improve we are not going to leave a very big tip. But the experience was already ruined.Now the food gets brought out. All cold including the soup which sat at the counter for more than 10 minutes after if got brought from the kitchen. In fact a couple that sat after us received their e tire meal, served steaming hot. We drank the soup in the middle of which they served us one of our noodles. This too was served Luke warm. By the time the rest of the dishes were brought they were all ready for the microwave. Worst part... not a single person came including the original waiter to ask how the food was. At the end, we called over a waiter and said that we were not pleased with the first waiter hemming and hawing when we gave the order. So this guy was nice enough and he said I'm sorry and he even brought out 5 small free sticky rice dessert of which we nicely retuned 3 of them as we were not hungry. Then we asked for the check. I saw that the guy we complained to told the cashier something while pointing to our table. When I received the bill I saw that they included the 18% tip. I asked "why". He said it was 5 or more people. I said "really"? As we were walking out I asked the waiter we complained to see a menu. He cleverly ran to get me the "to-go" menu. I said, "no, I'd like to see the menu for in-dining." I rummaged through the pages and looked for where "gratuity will be added for parties of..." and sure enough it said "6 or more". I was appalled at this unethical behavior. I demanded immediately while telling the waiter that I complained to you and that is why you tried to cheat me. I said, "you were actually nice and your gesture to bring me free dessert had changed my mind and I was actually going to leave a tip, but the fact that you tried to cheat me, I want my entire tip back immediately." I could tell from the faces of each of the front desk workers that they knew they had been causing trying to dupe a unhappy customer and all felt ashamed. Shame on you for trying to rob your customers! Tips are suppose to be a gesture of a customer's appreciation of your service. Especially after a pandemic, where we all should have learned to be a lot nicer, it seems like you have come back into the world ready to rob people! Shame on you Paradise Thai!
4 My GF and I decided to grab a bite and it was a great experience. We were greeted right away and sat right away. I love when that happens! aha We decided to order the larb salad , sweet and sour pork , and the pad thai. Our waiter took our order and maybe 10 minutes our food was already out! Great portions for the price and everything looked and smelled great. The Larb salad was pretty good. Nice play on sour and salty and is served with these lettuce wraps you can use to scoop up the meat. Definitely fresh and was a great bite. Next dish was the sweet and sour pork. I would of liked it to have more pork then veggies but my gf didnt mind that. Since she loves veggies more than meat. IDK why, but she does aha. The pork was cooked pretty well not to chewy and it was good served on some rice. Last thing was the good ol safe dish pad thai. Come on you cant really go wrong with it. Thai Paradise is a good place for some Thai food!
4 Food is delicious in this place, highly recommended  my fav is coconut soup with shrimps
4 Not sure why this place got so many wonderful reviews. The service was great but the Tom yum was just sour (missing other ingredients and spices). The beef lab was just bland.  The pad Thai was good. Maybe the chef just had a bad night.
4 This is my first time buying or order to go.  I order a chicken curry.  The curry is not that good. A little bit of chicken and a lot of carrots and potatoes.  I want more chicken not vegetables.  The price is so expensive too.  Also it does fill up to the top of the plastic cup.  The restaurant is so tight and stingy.  It does not come with steam rice and also this is during lunch time.  Supposedly comes with rice.  Noodles World comes with steam rice.  I will never come back again.  This place is suck and cheap (stingy).  Hopefully the owner tell your worker to be more realistic. Therefore I would give a negative star.
4.5 Love this place! It does get a bit crowded on weekends for dinner time but the wait is manageable and worth it.
4.5 My friend and I found this restaurant today and it was amazing! Super flavorful and fresh, authentic Thai food. Very friendly service. The only problem is that I live in Riverside, so it's not as convenient as I would like it to be, but it's honestly worth the drive!
4.7 Used to go to the Las Tunas location. Recently tried this location. The food & service was decent/not bad. They throw in a free fried item (forgot the name) for orders over $25 (I think, not sure). That's cool...just lots of fried stuff. It would be nice if they offer free Thai Iced Tea instead =PBf & I both enjoyed the Red Curry. It was tasty. I was a little surprised to find out white rice is extra charge. Small box of rice is +$1.50. No a huge deal, but I'm just a bit use to getting free rice when ordering a dish or entree. Also like the Silver Noodle Salad.Red Curry w/ rice 4.5/5Silver Noodle Salad 4.5/5Thai BBQ Pork (not ribs) 4/5Pad Thai w/ Shrimp 3/5Thai Iced Tea 3.5/5
5 Great atmosphere, Feel prices are a bit high compared to other options. Incredibly fresh seafood. More of a special occasion destination for us
5 Best Thai food I've had in Alhambra really really good. Get the Pad Se Ew it's excellent!
1 They have outdoor seatings. It's a pretty narrow space located at the front of their store. Doesn't fit too many tables but I like the enclosed feeling it has due to the wall that blocks off the tables from the street. Love when outside dining isn't super obvious that it's next to the street or in the middle of a parking lot. Their satay chicken appetizer is delicious. The meat is juicy and the peanut sauce it comes with is the perfect pairing. Their lunch specials are always a great deal also. Yellow curry is a safe choice. Mild but delicious. Their green curry catfish is also worth trying. They are generous with their fish portions. Meal ends with a little dessert. Something like a red bean soup but not quite the same ingredients.
5 Surprised by how good this place was! I was in the area and wanted some thai food so we decided to stop by to see what the great reviews were about. Overall, great food and great service. The restaurant is pretty big so its great for those with big parties.Located in the long plaza with half and half. Lots of free parking is in the back as they have multiple "levels" to park. I wanted to get my usual pad thai, but because I was in a more authentic area, we decided to get different items than we normally do. -Roasted duck curry- My favorite. I was surprised at how well all the flavors went together. I could probably eat this dish every time I come. -Tom ka goong noodles- Leat favorite dish from our dinner. It wasn't bad, but compared to the roasted duck curry, the flavors were a bit more bland. You can't eat just the noodles, as it gets too plain. Its best to eat it with the soup, but I think I just didn't like the coconut soup.-Chinese broccoli with crispy pork- This was also a favorite dish at our table. The sauce was really good, I could eat just the broccoli by itself with the sauce. And that says a lot from a girl who only eats veggies when there's meat in it.
4 Came here on a recommendation that TP serves authentic Thai food.  It also mentions this on the website and the menu.  I love Thai food and have been enjoying it since college. Have gone through about 90+ Thai restos in the LA area. So, when it comes to Thai food I love places like Sapp, Ruen Pair, Lum Ka Naad and Yai.  And was looking forward to getting to know Thai Paradise.  I appreciate the hospitable vibe here and wait staff are in Thai garb too.  It's a nice, feel good place.  While I liked the food, I couldn't say it was at the same level as my fave Thai go-tos above. I found dishes have lots of sugar (typical of Thai restos catering to a Western palate). I take exception of course for Pad see ewe, Lad Nar and Pad Thai which would have some sugar and that's acceptable.  I asked for no sugar on our dishes and still got sweet dishes :(.  The dishes didn't have that Thai home style umpf  that Ive come to love, more muted flavors.  Finally the decor is awesome ... until you drop your napkin and notice the rug has not been cleaned for years.   Or at least it looks like it hasn't been for a while.  It's dingy--restaurants should have non-carpeted floors nowadays. Tip:  Free parking. Prices are slightly higher than most  authentic Thai places I frequent.  I don't mind paying more if it's warranted.
5 Some seriously good thai food. You can't go wrong with the lunch specials here. $10 for a catfish green curry, steamed rice, fried wonton and salad. The flavor of the curry was solid and plenty of fish.  The pork pad see ew was solid as well. Multiple locations do don't order from wrong place.
3 Rude except the new girl that seemed that was training and was put to serve our table because apparently the other lady didn't want our table party of 11 with 2 toddlers
4 Wondering if anyone else noticed a change in flavor with some of their fishes? I've ordered the same ones for years and recently noticed a difference to preparation and flavors. Food is still fresh and a cut above.
4 The Ton Yum Soup! The shrimp one, mild is my go too. Especially when I'm feeling under the weather. Order over phone is usually ready for pick up in 15minutes, it's fast and easy. You can park in back for easy pick up.
4 THE WORST THAI RESTAURANT I HAVE EVER BEEN TO. I'm not sure how this place has 4.5 stars on Yelp, I was definitely tricked by the rating.Was craving for Thai food and didn't feel like going to the west side, so decided to give this place a try. It's convenient to park and just walk in from the back door. They seated me in the back back where the fire escape door was, with no A/C! And the door was open. They were too cheap to turn on the A/C while it's 86 degrees outside, yet they cracked the back door open. If you wanna save money on A/C, at least turn it on after people are seated in the area. I had to ask them, then they turned the A/C on, but took a long while for the area to cool down. This place has a big menu, looked promising (but all a front). I ordered a eggplant with tofu lunch special, which came with either a small bowl of Tom Yum soup or salad, I picked the soup, which was the best thing of the meal! I also ordered chicken and beef satay, morning glory, string beans with pork, pak kee mao with pork. Morning glory was the second best thing of the meal, which didn't require any skill to cook. Everything else was so bad.  Eggplant came in giant pieces soaked with oil, with no sauce, it was disgusting; both pak kee mao and string bean with pork were served with big pieces of fatty pork, which even a teenager could cut better than that. Satay was kinda dry. Everything was very sweet. I asked for 9 out of 10 spiciness for string bean and pork, it was 9 out of 10 of sweetness instead, the string beans tasted raw. Besides morning glory everything was barely eaten, the waitress didn't even ask why. This restaurant really doesn't give a F about their food and customer, they chop things up and throw in, as long as the dishes are served.They are so cheap that if you ask for extra napkin they give you two at a time, but super thin one. At first I thought they just didn't have "real" napkins, but no, they do, but they only give you 1 when they give you plates and utensils.if you want some cheap low quality Thai food to fill you up for lunch, sure, come here. But if you want tasty, quality Thai food this is definitely not the place! I DO NOT RECOMMEND COMING HERE!
4.3 I'm from the SGV and this was my first time coming to this place. Drawn in by the reviews, this place met the expectations. There's a variety of lunch deals here and portions were huge! You definitely get the bang for your buck here. We ordered the Pad Thai and Pineapple Fried Rice. Both had a hearty amount of chicken and we didn't finish the dishes. During lunch time, they let you choose between soup or salad. There's also dessert at the end of the meal, which was nice but nothing too special. Overall the food here is good, but the restaurant is a bit run down. Restrooms were not in good condition and you may have difficulty finding parking.
4.3 I've actually been to this restaurant a few times when I first moved to LA. Recently, I was craving Thai, and this restaurant is fairly close to me, so I decided to order carry out.I got the yellow curry with chicken lunch special. The lunch special comes with two fried wontons and also a salad. The portion is fairly generous. The fried wontons were mostly just fried dough, nothing special. Salad was fairly standard as well.I liked the yellow curry, which had a kick but was not so spicy I could not tolerate it. It's a dish that I can get at a lot of Thai restaurants, but definitely satisfies my carvings for a less thick but slightly spicier curry than what I normally get at Japanese restaurants and Hong Kong cafes.It's not ground breaking or the best in the world, but it's a nice cozy restaurant in Monterey Park that can satisfy the occasional craving.
4.5 Been almost a year since my last visit and wasn't disappointed! It's my family's go-to Thai restaurant because it's a great place for big parties. I just went with my family of 15 people on Sunday night and was seated right away. We ordered several items but my favorites are: - Pad Thai: Really good! We always order Pad Thai without fail. They give you a generous amount as well.- Satay Chicken and Beef: I prefer the chicken over the beef because I think the marinade complements the chicken better. The peanut sauce goes so well with both meats though. - Three Flavor Shrimp and Scallops: The sauce is yummy, similar to a sweet & sour sauce. The shrimps are also huge!- Clams with Chili Sauce: My family loves this dish because the sauce has a nice kick.The only dish I was disappointed with was the Tom Yum Soup. It was missing the sour taste and just ended up being a bit bland. The service is great and fast. They were very attentive throughout our meal and very patient with our big party.
4 Came here on a Friday night around 7:30 and service was quick! Food is great, but parking might be tough.Definitely recommend!
3.5 Great place, great service, fantastic prices especially for the lunch special. Curry is great, red, yellow, green. Spice levels are perfect. Definitely one of my favorite spots in the 626
4.5 OMG! I can't believe I've never written a review for this place! This is hands down my favorite Thai spot ever!!! I've been here so many times but this past Sunday was the first time we dined since covid hit.Thai Paradise is located on Atlantic Ave across of the 99 ranch market and in the strip plaza with a bunch of other great eats/drinks! There's a parking lot in the back, street parking and since there's so many plazas around, there's really not a time where you cannot find parking. Came around 330pm and parked on the street and walked down to the restaurant. They have a little patio for outside dining right now, with approximately 8 tables. There was two other parties there so there was still ample seating for us to be pretty separated from the other guest. Sat down and the waiter asked if we wanted to drink anything. Ordered 2 waters, (they come in plastic cups with a lid and a straw), and a thai ice tea. Food wise, we didn't make the lunch special so I got the chicken pad thai, and the love got the beef pad see ew. I always get the chicken pad thai here because its just made so well! The noodles are great chewy texture, the flavors on point, squeeze a bit of lemon juice and you're ready to devour your meal. The pad thai comes with carrots, cabbage, peanuts, green onions, and bean sprouts, so if you cannot eat any of those, you're always welcomed to ask them to make it without it. Also be aware that the portion is HUGE!! I usually make it into two different meals cuhs it's that big! For dessert, (well i ate it with my pad thai) we ordered the mango sticky rice. The mangoes were not in season so the waiter notified me beforehand that they were going to be sour (totally appreciate the heads up). I didn't mind since I really wanted it, and I'm okay with sour mangoes. Gobbled that up and had the biggest food baby ever. Customer service is always on point here. They're always so welcoming and help you with everything you need to make sure your time with them was well spent. There was not a time where we asked for something and it took longer than 5 minutes to get to us. He also refilled our waters without us asking him too (BONUS from the hubs!). thank you guys for always satisfying my thai food needs!! Will definitely always be back.
4.5 Thai Pasadise is a solid Thai Restaurant, a solid 4 star at that. They have a lunch menu which offers a soup or salad and also includes dessert which is like this red bean sweet rice with corn. The location of this place is good, it's not hard to find and the parking is plenty. You can enter from the west or the east side facing the street of Atlantic. There is underground parking if you are having trouble. There doesn't seem to be a huge crowd even during lunch of this place. I ordered the chicken Pad Thai and it was good. It had cabbage and carrots to give it a nice crunch, personally I prefer it with bean sprouts but this tasted good. My coworker ordered chicken with bamboo and my other coworker ordered three flavor shrimp and scallop. The three flavor shrimp and scallop was good, we ordered level 1 spicy and it had a small kick it to. The chicken and bamboo shoot was okay, it was level 3 spicy but that was too spicy for me. The food was good, the service was good as well. They came by and refilled our water, food was brought out quickly, and they came by to check up on us. Now why is it only a 4 star and not 5? It would have to be the value. Either the portions need to increase in sizing or a drop in price slightly. The quality is there, but I feel it's slightly over priced by a little. That's the only reason why the 4 star is the value.
4 After all this years taste the same. Quality has never gone down. Thai paradise beef. Pad Thai. Shrimp cake. Fried wonton. Spicy catfish. Thai tea. Portion and price are relatively the same. Give a good amount for what you pay for. They're not skimpy either like most places. Meal done in 15-20 minutes. It's where it's at.
4 the lunch special makes it so worth it !! you get a lot for your buck here. there's a soup (or salad) to start off, and the food was well portioned! love that it included fried wonton and in the end we got a dessert as well! but i forgot to take a picture. great food great service, clean establishment, free parking. 10/10
4 I didn't understand why the rating at this location is better compared to the other location in San Gabriel. Been here quite a few times before pandemic but recently I understand why--The food here is rich with flavors and the staffs are super friendly and accommodating. Thai food isn't cheap because Thai food offers a wide variety of flavors, large amount of food, and the amount of labor they put into each dish--makes it worth it. it's better to come for lunch if you want a light meal with a smaller price (tag).
4 Great food and service at a great price. Delicious pad Thai, pad see ew, soups, curries.
4.5 Love the food, great authentic thai food. Service is great, very friendly and frequently checking in. Ambiance could be better, on side of the restaurant has all boxes stored in sight
4.5 My favorite Thai restaurant in the area. There are plenty of Thai spots around but they all seem to be missing something; either flavor or good service. This place had great flavorful food, good portion sizes, and great service. The waitress was so attentive and even though I didn't tell her i was a vegetarian, she noticed that I didn't order meat and brought me a veggie wonton instead of one with meat. Little things like that don't go unnoticed. There's a parking structure and TVs inside. Lunch menu is also available with great pricing.
4.3 So dang good. Worth it every time. Yea is killer!!!20/10 would Rec. Love it. So good. Do it.
4 This place is amazing! Truly deserving of 5 stars. I had their pad Thai and skewers and they were VERY flavorful and cooked to perfection. I don't think I've ever had pad Thai where I've kept praising how delicious it was. If you haven't tried this place, give it a go! Right after you can stop by half and half which is next door.
3 Awesome AUTHENTIC THAI FOOD!! If they don't ask you HOW SPICY you want it, then it's not a very authentic Thai place. We dined outside and it was hot. But hey the food was great and it hit the spot. Staff was also very nice and accommodating they provided us with our own hand sanitizer bottle too :) Support local business during this horrible pandemic, especially the authentic yummy ones!
4 Quick and reliable. FYI - you have to buy rice on the side. It's your standard Thai food for a quick and easy lunch or dinner.
5 I think ownership changed and the dishes do not taste authentic anymore.  Ordered a total of 8 dishes and only served 7 dishes. We forgot about the last dish till we are I. The car......
5 We were looking for a new local Thai spot because we have had bad experiences lately with the other spots we used to frequent. Between cold food, changes to the menus were were used to and ridiculous wait times at our old spots, it was time to venture out to try something new. We chose this place and while it did well with service, sadly we were not impressed by the food. Here is a rundown of the experience:  COVID GUIDELINES: Good COVID practices. Clean and dirty pen cups, barriers between workers and patrons, masks, gloves. All the boxes checked. ON TIME: YES! The food was piping hot and ready on time! This is a HUGE bonus point as timeliness in the time of covid is not a priority. We arrived at 6 O'clock as this was the time they said it would be ready. We walked up, told them were were there to pick up, they repeated the order and charged my card while they hollered back to bring the order up. It was being bagged as they called for it so we got it fresh off the fire. Awesome! FOOD: This is where they fell down a bit. We ordered Pad See Ew, yellow curry, a side of rice and the Thom Ka Kai soup. The soup was excellent, the curry was bland and the Pad See Ew was bland as well. We ordered the soup medium and the curry mild and they did it backwards, spicy curry, mild soup, despite reading the order back to me correctly. Portions were very generous however so there is that bright spot. I may come back and give them another try because going here saves me 20-25 minutes of driving to our regular spot, but we were so disappointed by the order mix up and the blandness of the dishes that it left a bad taste in our mouth. We ordered pretty standard thai fare, and would have been happy with a 20% better effort. Unfortunately were left wishing we went to our regular place instead. The experience was good but not great. Definitely room for improvement.
5 Panang Curry with tofu and brown rice was really good. I asked for heat level 8 and it was fairly hot so I added some of the table dry spice to perfect it.
4 Plenty of parking, very nice atmosphere inside the restaurant, and delicious food. I had the pad see ew, and my friends had the pad thai and sweet and sour chicken. Large portion sizes for decent prices and good service.
4 If you love thai food you have to try this place! Lover of Chicken Satay and peanut sauce and theirs was delicious.  I also had their veggie chowmein which was yummy and the highlight was the broth in the Won Ton soup OMG  packed with flavor! My son and I fell in love and will definitely be back soon.
5 When your BF doesn't like Thai food, you go with your friends, right? :D We came for dinner after doing facial masks and having a small wine session.Decor/Waiter:Decor is similar to that of most thai restaurants, but Thai Paradise is definitely more spacious than the rest. Has more trees and the chairs make you feel like you're in some paradise. :pWaiter sat us right away, even though there was a good amount of people & was very attentive the whole time. Yes, they speak English.Food:The menu can be a bit of a surprise, since they have a little bit of everything for everyone.1. Pad see ew Beef/Chicken? - Delicious and would order again, but not the best.2. Spicy Basil Pork - I would order this again. The spicy level is tolerable and nice throughout!Ending the night with free dessert soup is a PLUS! I think it was tapioca with taro and some other vegetable.
1 I'm all about supporting local businesses during these trying times and I understand everyone is trying to survive. But when you pay $15 for a duck curry with only 3 pieces of actual editable duck meat and a few other pieces of duck fat, that's downright wrong. It's very shortsighted for these restaurants to cut corners, since it may dissuade customer from ordering again. Despite my problem with this dish, the other foods we ordered were pretty good and had generous portions: pad Thai, pad see-ew, and pineapple fried rice.
2 I gotta say that this spot has such a variety and I have challenged my self to try something different each time I go because of Thai Paradise always having such great quality taste. If your not afraid of trying new food, this is the spot. Service is great all the time. You need to try their Thai iced coffee with Boba! Don't forget to try their complimentary blood sticky rice dessert
4.3 I actually want to give 4.5 stars because the green curry was not up to par. Everything else tasted good. I would like to say the service here is fantastic and it was busy on a Monday night. They check on your for water, hustle to bring you drinks and cooked the food very fast. I came with 12 people. Most of it was a delicious feast. Here are my thoughts:Coconut Milk Chicken Soup - oh man...perfect. the balance of creamy, very little spicy and sour. soooo good! It also came out just hot enough where you don't burn your tongue and can eat it right away.Seafood Tom Yum - this was pretty delicious and similar to the chicken coconut milk. It just has more seafood like fake crab, squid and shrimp.Green Curry w/Chicken - not the best. A little watered down. Not as thick as it should be.Papaya Salad - sooo good. It is papaya and carrots. This one has no meat. Very refreshing.Crab Fried Rice - alright. Not as much wok air flavor, but tasty.Eggplant - no complaints. pretty good.Beef & Chicken skewers - pretty good. Beef a tiny bit dry. Order these!Pork Skewers - amazing, soft, flavorfulSteamed fish w/soup side - order this if you have a large party. The fish is really tasty. Cooked to perfect and a light, healthy dish.Pad See Eew - good! i would order this again.
4.3 Thai iced teas being served like crazy here! (No, I did not check in for a free anything nor do I show my yelp page to restaurants. Reviews are all based on my experience with no outside influence, and in comparison to other Thai restaurants). Moving on.....Can't blame them on the Thai tea, it's so delicious. :)Restaurant design is beautiful and very spacious. Parking is plenty if you arrive at a decent time, usually before the 7:30pm mark, and the location is very easy to find. Great service! Very friendly and they all work as a team which is something I love about restaurants. They have plenty of items on their menu, but don't get discouraged, everything I've had is very tasty and well made... just right! Go with your heart and return for another visit to try another specialty. We had the sautéed spinach, pork fried rice, veggies noodles, and the chicken skewers. Just those plates alone would feed up to 4 people. At least we had leftovers. Score! Pricing is fair and portions are too good to be true. Give this place a go, Thai food lovers!  And you, too, first timers!
4.5 The food was delicious. Especially the pad Thai! The ambience was nice and the staff were really friendly:)
4 Foods here are great! And the services are also okay. Definitely a good place to try Thai foods.
3.5 Celebrated my nieces 17th birthday on July 8th and tried Thai for the first time here. We were a party of 13 so not too large but a good size. Our server was good got all our orders out in a flash.  She brought out the birthday girls first... that was a nice touch. We had the Pad Thai pork, Pad Thai beef, mixed veggies, a spicy chicken and one other i can't remember the name. Tried the Thai tea with Boba.  I forgot to mention the portions are generous. You can enjoy a family style meal so you can all try a lil of everything. It's a super casual restaurant. WE LOVED IT!! Service, speed, portions and most importantly the food quality was A+.
4.5 Decent food and service was nice for to go. I guess I ordered a bunch of food so they gave me a free order of wontons. Nice people but the food was just okay. I wasn't wowed but it wasn't bad.
4.5 We were hungry so stoped at this spot cause it was the first food place we saw. All good was good, not a single item disappointed. We liked everything so much that we plan to go back.
4 The average rating is skewed higher because of drink offer. Extensive menu, modern/classier ambiance than most Thai places we had visited = also the reason why their dishes are priced higher than most Thai restaurants in the area. Coconut chicken soup, spicy mixed noodles with chicken, and beef noodle soup. Foods came out in no time - which offset the waiting time we sat around for our waiter to come take our order. Everything was full of flavor. Portions were generous. Service unfortunately was just a tad slow. They have a karaoke machine in the front near the center. Plenty of tables for larger groups. Would return again with friends/family to sample more of the menu!
4 This is  a great place on a date or family live the atmosphere and very friendly. Food is served hot and very tasteful
4 I was craving something different, so decided to have Thai food to go for lunch. I ordered Pad see ew and yellow curry lunch special. They had a good portion of food and tasted good.
4.5 This is a hidden gem I just discovered recently. I ordered padwoonsoon, chicken larb salad, somtom salad and everything was just so good. I'll back back!
4 Decent Thai food. I haven't had anything bad here so far, but I also couldn't have named anything that stood out to me in the times I have tried this place. Dishes are more on the sweet side, but that's similar with most Thai food places in the US. I wish there were more depths in flavors, but overall, I'd try it again if I'm in the area.
4.5 Super yummy Thai food! I love their pad Thai, pad see ew, and Tom yum soup. It always hits the spot and have been here a couple times
4.3 Pad Thai - goodShrimp Tom yum - good Panang curry - didn't like that they use thin strips of beef, curry was not thick enough and a little on the sweet side, personally I would not order againShrimp cakes - good Desserts:Fried banana wrapped in spring rolls - deliciousMango sticky rice - goodCoconut ice cream - tasted like they blended canned coconut milk with ice - there were big chunks of ice in the dessert, not creamy smooth ice cream at all Overall I had a decent experience and nothing was bad / inedible but also nothing stood out as amazing. Pad thai and Tom yum were satisfying but not necessarily better than other Thai restaurants in the area.
1 Food is good just not for me. I am use to maybe a more authentic Thai food. I find it a little sweet and a bit fusion
4 This place continues to disappoint.  I tried it many years ago and disliked it then... and I'm afraid it only got worse. Not sure why so many leave positive reviews. This place should be a 3-star or less rated place. My issue is the food. The flavors are off. My order of yellow curry was not edible. And the Vegan options for my friend were close to zero. She ended up with a plate of steamed vegetables. Plain and simple some of the worst tasting Thai.
4 Authentic Thai food! Will definitely return especially for the Thai paradise beef - the meat is tender and juicy and their sauce is just perfect. The beef pad see ew is probably the best one I've ever had, it hit the spot - flavor and texture wise. The ong choi or morning glory is really good too. They also give you complementary dessert at the end. They have a big menu, I'm excited to try other things on the menu now.
5 I have been visiting this Thai place for lunch since the service is excellent, the food is great and the lunch special is a really good deal. This time we ordered the basil duck, Thai Paradise beef, three flavors fish, crispy pork, and eggplant with tofu. They all came with tom yum soup, rice and fried wonton. All are good and reasonably price... we will come again!
5 I have been visiting this Thai place for lunch since the service is excellent, the food is great and the lunch special is a really good deal. This time we ordered the Thai chicken basil with soft tofu, spicy radnah and spicy catfish. It came with tom yum soup, rice and fried wonton. All are good... we will come again!
5 I ordered the spicy radnah noodle today, reasonably priced at $8.95. Service is friendly and great as usual.  Lunch came with tom yum soup.. sour and yummy, plus 2 fried wonton. Also, looking forward to having the sweet rice desert.  This has been my regular Thai lunch place... Will come again...
5 This is one of my fave thai place for lunch... This time, I ordered the three flavor filet fish lunch special... comes with soup or salad, wonton and steam rice, for 9.99. Great deal...Service is friendly as usual. Will come again...
5 Service is good, friendly as usual. The lunch special is a very good deal...  I ordered the spicy basil chicken. Comes with soup... yum!
5 Going to this place again to have one of their lunch special. Since I don't feel like eating spicy today, I ordered orange chicken to try it. It comes with soup or salad. Service is good and courteous as usual. Will come again!
5 Order the same Prik King pork again, the last one was really good. This lunch special comes with tom yum soup or salad, and rice plus fried wonton for $7.99. Good deal! I always get the soup, very good so highly recommended.
4.3 I ordered the Prik king pork lunch menu this time to change it up. They have good selection of lunch menu. Service is great, friendly as usual. Lunch menu comes with tom yum soup, which is welcomed in cold weather like today.Yummy food... will come again!
4.7 Went to this place a few times... their Cat fish is excellent! I ordered with the sauce separate so the fried fish is crispy. It is available as one of their lunch special for $10 and it comes witj soup or salad and rice. Service is great.. prompt and courteous. We will come again!
4.5 Looking for the best Thai spot? You got it right here! Great lunch specials including the yellow curry with chicken which is what ordered. The portion was great and the flavor was magnificent you can order on spicy scale from 0-10. Will be coming back so good.
4 My sister ordered online and pick up was fast and easy. Food was tasty. We ordered pad thai, curry and a shrimp dish. I thought the portion if the shrimp dish was kind of small but it tasted good. It came with small bowls of salad and each dish came with 2 pieces of filled crispy things with sweet and shour dipping sauce. There was also something that I chose not to include in this review that would have taken off another star, but I'd like to be supportive during this time.
3.5 Dining here is a must! We got lunch specials that came with soup, an entree and a side of wontons for a pretty affordable price! The staff was very friendly and attentive through the entire meal, without needing to ask for help, water, or any other service.
4.5 Fabulous food!Great service, food was amazing and restaurant was exceptionally clean.Highly recommend this place :)
4.5 I probably found my new favorite Thai restaurant. I've been dying to look for one for the longest time after moving back from San Diego and leaving my favorite Thai restaurant in San Diego. It made me sad that I couldn't find a good, spicy, and authentic Thai food place for a while. Extra points for this place also because it's close to me! I ordered a Pad See Ew (what I normally get at Thai places because I'm basic like that), my friend ordered a Pad Thai with Seafood and we both got a Mango Sticky Rice. I got a 5/10 spicy because the waitress warned me that it was spicy but nevertheless, I love spicy food and I was excited to try. Next time I'll be here, I'll definitely try like an 8 or something. 5 was a good Mild for me but to my friend, it was pretty spicy. The Pad See Ew was great, almost as good as my favorite place in San Diego, which is good because now I can come here often to eat. The Pad Thai was good also and we ordered it without peanuts because we don't like peanuts in our food. HOWEVER, when i ate some of the pad thai, I tasted a random peanut in there which is really bad because what if we were allergic??? Anyways, the mango sticky rice was great. The mango were sweet even though it's not mango season right now. I think the mango to sticky rice ratio is alittle off, there needs to be more rice!! I know they do lunch specials and they're pretty decent. I'll probably come back next time for Lunch because Dinner prices can get kinda pricey. You can find parking at their back lot and there's some underground parking as well. It can be alittle difficult to find parking sometimes because there's lots of places in that same plaza.
4 We are from riverside and wanted to try a different spot out. Oh boy were we glad we found this gem. Everything was full of flavor and the portions were perfect
4 I came here around lunch time, so I got their lunch specials. These are smaller portions of their regular entrees with rice, fried wontons, and a soup included. Almost everything on the lunch special menu were under $10! This is an incredible deal. The service was also very nice and inviting.
4 Amazing and kind staff who are always ready to help while also having a good attitude and seem to genuinely enjoy working here. Food was overly salty in my opinion but it may be just because I got the Duck Noodle Soup but it was definitely WAY too salty. On the other hand, my brother's shrimp fried rice was amazing and would definitely recommend any of the fried rice they serve here! It's a very spacious restaurant with ample seating for large parties or if you're just dining alone.
4 Our first time here and it was delish! We were seated right away and ordered pretty quickly after that. We ordered a lot to share for the table- Chicken Fried Rice, Orange Flavored Chicken, Pad See Ew with beef, Crispy Pork Belly. We LOVED the chicken fried rice, so flavorful and delicious. Also loved the Orange Chicken and Crispy Pork. I normally love Pad See Ew but this was just okay. It wasn't as flavorful as I am used to. Not bad, but not as good as some other places. Overall, this was a good place to grab a quick lunch. My mom who is gluten free was able to get Pho Tack (soup) and she really enjoyed that.
4.5 Small restaurant in Monteray Park. When you walk in it doesn't look like much but the food and the service was really good.  We checked out yelp to find a good thai restaurant near us. The food looked amazing from other yelpers.  We ordered the veggie spring rolls, the orange chicken,  and the pad thai with beef. It was all delicious and full of flavor.  Eat entree is big enough to share with 4 people.  It definitely was way too much food for us but we has great left overs.  Afterwards they give you this red bean dessert made with corn that's sweet. It was pretty good.  The waiter was friendly and kept asking if we needed anything. There's plenty of dishes to choose from. We will definitely be back to try more dishes.  The tom kha kai soup looked amazing and they have some great lunch specials.
3.6 Got takeout here, my first time. I ordered a chicken pad Thai and it was a generous portion. I thought it was pretty good but thought the noodles were a little on the drier side. There were a lot of chicken pieces and they were juicy, perfectly cooked. I had enough for leftovers the next day! Thai tea was also good but wish they didn't put so much ice.
4.5 I dined in at this establishment. It's a neat little spot sort of tucked away. I tried their Thai Coffee. It wasn't good. Perhaps their Thai Iced Tea is better but I wouldn't be surprised if it was just as bad. Once I ordered my food, everything came out in like 5 minutes. I'm used to having my appetizer or soup first. I had the Tom Yum Goong and Spicy Duck with Basil leaves. They prepare everything on a level 1-10 depending on how spicy you want it. I went for 10 (aka the usual). The broth was spicy and flavorful but the  mushrooms and shrimp were bland. The spicy duck was bland as well. Not sure how they prepare their food. Still I believe the sauces and meats/vegetables are not prepared together. Otherwise the dishes would have consistent flavor.
4 We got the pad thai and green curry lunch special here. The starters included a salad or tom yum soup. Both were pretty standard.  Then came the main dishes which both came with some kind of chicken or pork stuffed wontons which were okay. They seemed like they were pre-made and had been sitting out for a while. The pad thai was good and had a lot of flavor. The green curry was a bit watery and not too flavorful, but the ingredients tasted fresh and included lots of chicken and vegetables. The dessert was a sweet red rice porridge/pudding that was delicious and a satisfying way to end the meal!
4 I was craving Thai food and found this location not to far from home. It was authentic food and flavors. Service was great and waiter was nice and friendly. Location was clean and nice variety of dishes. We will definitely be back!
1 My favorite Thai restaurant!!! Food is delicious, sooo much to choose from and employees are very sweet. Always a good experience at Thai Paradise!! I recommend trying pad see ew, crab fried rice, pad Thai and pork jerky. You won't be disappointed!
3 Great spot. Great coconut soup, beef salad, and Thai food overall.Highly recommend.
1 Excellent thai food!!Thai Paradise is a bit pricier than the other thai spots in the MPK area but is well worth it! I've been coming here for probably over 10 years and this is always the special occasion thai spot my family goes to. Their standout dishes include the THREE FLAVOR FISH which is so well cooked and flavorful; the spicy noodles and pad thai which are both served in great portions with plenty of vegetables and meats; and the panang curry which has the perfect amount of spicy and sweet! Beyond the food, the service is also always really good. The servers are all very friendly and attentive.Great restaurant overall! Not the cheapest but would recommend because you can't go wrong with any of their dishes.
3 The service here is quick and attentive. Their menu has plenty of options and the food isn't overpriced. I ordered the beef pad thai and the yellow curry. Both were yummy and enjoyable. They do charge if you ask for steam rice. They give you a free little dessert that is like a purple sticky pudding with some kind of Asian bean as the flavor.  There is plenty of parking in the back of the restaurant that includes outdoor, and underground parking.
5 This place has quick service that was also attentive. I enjoyed their pad Thai and if their food said spicy it is definitely spicy.
3 I was studying nearby and had been craving Thai food the whole weekend and wanted to give this place a try. Parking is a breeze as it is located in a plaza with underground parking. When you first walk in, you noticed how spacious the establishment is. We were greeted as soon as we walked in and seated. My friend and I ordered pad thai, tom yum noodle soup and 2 thai teas. THE FOOD IS AMAZING! AND THE PORTIONS ARE HUGE! You get a good amount of food for the price. Thai tea: creamy,  but not thick like there's too much heavy cream.  The thai tea is refreshing and sweet without leaving an overwhelming taste like it's from a powder or if there's too much condense milk and sugar. Pad Tai: sweet and savory noodles that are chewy and packed with flavor (Be aware that this dish does come with peanuts, so if you have a food allergy, you should notify the waiter so that they cook it separate from anything peanut related.) I like to get pad thai with shrimp or chicken, I find that these meats complement the flavor of the seasoning the best. - I've also gotten the Pad See Ew here to-go later on, and the sweet soy sauce based seasoning goes perfectly with beef. Tom Yum Noodle Soup: The bowl is huge! The soup is tangy and savory as it should be. It was sour but not overly lemony like some places make it. The fragrance of lemon grass was very strong in the soup, but not in a bad way. The rice noodles were a perfect balance to the soup.
4 I ordered the pad see ew and my dad got the shrimp and scallop dish. Both came with a side of soup or salad, two pieces of fried wonton, and for him, some rice, because of the lunch special. We chose to get the soup, which was the wrong decision. It was so sour and salty that I started pouring a little bit of water into it to try to dilute it. The free thai tea that you can get when you write a review on Yelp was pretty good, but a bit sweeter than I like. The fried wonton pieces were really nice and crispy. My pad see ew tasted pretty bland, which I guess I should've asked them to make it spicy. I assumed it would've came spicy, because I remember hearing my sister say she liked how spicy it was, but in hindsight, I guess I was supposed to tell them to make it spicy. The shrimp and scallop dish was good and slightly sweet and sour.The meal ends with a little small plate of warm purple rice dessert. My dad got really excited about the dessert and polished it off in just a few seconds. It was nice and a bit sweet.Overall, I think my taste buds just went on a wild adventure. There was the soup that was super salty and sour, the sweet thai tea, the blander pad see ew, and then the slightly sweet purple rice. I think I might try this place again, but I would definitely steer away from the soup.
4 First time here, after hearing my sister rave about this place. This is just the pre-food review for the free thai tea. I will update it after the meal to taste how the food is.
4.3 This place is amazing! Came here at lunch time and had an opportunity to enjoy my combo fried rice sitting outside (they have a nice outdoor patio!). Food was delicious. I got free dessert from the restaurant and it was so nice! Friendly staff, yummy food, great location. Will come back again!
4.3 Lunch specials here make for very good eating!  At the end of lunch, they always give you a little portion of their sweet black sticky rice with corn dessert in sweetened coconut milk. Always, a good way to finish off the lunches here!
4.5 My sisters and I were craving some Thai and since we were in the area we got some takeout. This location is in the same plaza with Macchiato, half and half, and has the dim sum place upstairs. Solid thai food!! Pad Thai and Pad See Ew were nicely flavored and tasted authentic. We weren't fans of the Pineapple fried rice however. It's due to the curry flavoring that we were not expecting. With our takeout we got free fried wontons which were crispy and tasty! Definitely will be back to try more dishes.
4 My favorite Thai restaurant to eat at. Usually go here during their lunch hours to get their lunch combo which includes main dish, side of soup or salad and red bean dessert. I enjoyed everything here so far but my togo dish would be the pad thai or their yellow curry. Service has always been great.
3.5 Still trying to find an authentic Thai restaurant in the area.  Both Thai restaurants in Monterey Park are more like Thai inspired Chinese food. I ordered beef panang curry with 5 stars for very spicy. The curry was very thin, more like a red curry and lacked the traditional brown color and consistency from the required coconut cream. There were no basil leaves and instead you had frozen peas and carrots. Very disappointed in their interpretation and the flavor profile was completely off. There was also no heat at all. I did not see a single chili flake in the dish.The other dishes we ordered from the menu were more like Chinese food and those flavors were better.In summary, Thai Paradise is a decent Chinese restaurant, but I would not call it Thai food.
4.5 Thai Paradise is close to my house and the food is good at reasonable prices. There is a parking lot in the back and service is decent. I ordered the yellow chicken curry and it had really good flavor. The Thai tea was also pretty good and wasn't too sweet. There is a menu for lunch specials with a good amount of choices. With the lunch menu, you can get a full meal with a soup or salad for less than $10. You can also get a free drink by writing a yelp review.
4.5 We were craving for Thai food and wanted to support small businesses during the COVID-19 pandemic. We ordered by phone and our order was promptly ready upon arrival. I always compare restaurants based on their pad thai. We got the pad thai fried tofu and the pork panang curry. Overall very good! Our order also qualified for a free fried wonton appetizer so that was nice. We'll definitely be back whenever we have Thai food cravings and look forward to trying their other options (maybe Pad See Ew and three flavored fried fish filets?)
4 *COVID Update*Open for takeout only!*Orders*You can order by phone/in person and depending on the size of the order, it takes about 10-15 minutes to be ready.*Recommendations*It's a perfect place to grab casual Thai Food - very friendly and efficient service. I especially like ordering their lunch combos which are available from 11am-3pm and comes which comes with salad( I like their creamy dressing!) and a generous amount of fried wontons. My go to orders are their  tofu pad see ew - thick, soy sauce flavored chewy noodles and their spicy basil tofu which comes with rice- very flavorful and I love spicy food but have like average tolerance so the medium spiciness level adds enough heat for me. Hope this place meets your Thai food cravings like it does for me!
4 My wife wanted to go get Thai food, so of course we ventured to Yelp to look for a good place. You definitely checked the one star reviews as we want to be sure that it's going be good. There aren't too many, so we tried it, most especially because it said it was kid friendly on Yelp. They have a really good menu with lots of options. My wife said the curry could've been a little more flavorful, but overall a really good place to get Thai food for any family!
4 I don't like writing bad reviews, but I am honestly surprised Thai Paradise is in business. I ordered green curry chicken, and it was thin and watered down, was clearly dyed with green food coloring, and used very little coconut milk or curry paste. It would be great to see Thai eggplant, green beans, Thai basil, lime leaves, and galangal in here in an ideal world. I hope there are no Thai people working here. That said, if you've never had Thai food before and want to branch out from fast food and want large servings, you might enjoy Thai Paradise.
4 Thai food for Chinese people is the best way I could describe it. But we're in the heart of the San Gabriel Valley, so that is understandable (?).Very light, generic, and  bland flavors.I ordered the papaya salad, rad nah, and the spicy noodles/drunken noodlesPapaya salad it toss with a generic fish sauce, and served with a side of lettuceRad nah had no flavor with their gravy, and the noodles were over cooked; the noodles clumped together in one pieceSpicy/drunken noodles tastes like ketchup was used in their sauce; noodles also overcooked. This was also served with lettuce (why?)
4.5 my hubby and I came in search of a new Thai place, and this was the closest. As a yelper, I looked at all the reviews and this place had some good reviews, so we decided to go here. Parking is no problem because it is in a huge plaza. It's downstairs if you park in the upper part of the parking lot. Service was very fast and we were seated very quickly. We got the wonton soup, beef pad Thai and crab fried rice. The wonton soup was light yet good with bits of bok choy in it, my hubby said the pad Thai was good but a little on the sweeter side. Was originally going to give this place a 2/5 stars because the crab fried rice was very plain. I even asked for soy sauce and put it on the fried rice and that didn't do it any good. As we asked for a box and the check, Sergus noticed that I wasn't boxing up my hardly touched crab fried rice and asked me if everything was good. I told him that it was very plain and he quickly asked me if I wanted to replace it with something else. He gave me the menu, and quickly replaced it with something to my liking. Spicy basil with beef.At the end of the meal, they gave us a sweet purple but warm bean dessert with little bits of corn. It was delicious.Thank you so much Sergus! Your kind and attentive service is what got you guys the 4/5 stars!
4.4 Ordered food to go on a Sunday night. Picked up an order of pad see ew. It was a good amount of food. It tasted good, but not great, honestly nothing to get too excited about. The waitress was nice and friendly though.
3.6 I did not like that female server, I did not like her every time I was there.She has the attitude, shouldn't be a server.I had to walk out after I asked her if they were open for dine in. I can't stand her attitude. I was in vad mood and did not want to handle her tonight!
5 The best pinapple fried rice that I've ever had! The food is just to die for! The service is quick, too.
3 Came here on a Sunday for lunch. Not crowded. Service and food presentation was excellent. There is where I would give them a 5. But the food quality is not so good. The green curry looked like green food color was added. I have never seen a green curry so green. Pad Thai noodles were over cooked.  A little disappointed
4 Beautifully done dishes!!A wide variety of food for you to choose and it was close to the authentic Thai food in Thailand
2 Great Thai food! I ordered a shrimp cake appetizer and it was absolutely delicious. I also ordered the green curry that went well with the rice. Also got a Pad Thai which was great and is probably my favorite dish here.The portions/servings were very good and was enough for a party of three. On top of great service and food, they serve a sweet purple rice dessert at the end of the meal and that will be something I look forward to at the end of each meal. This restaurant is a must visit and I can't wait to come back soon.
5 The food is very average here, nothing exemplary or memorable.  Kind of greasy and bland for my taste.  Service was very attentive and our waiter was very nice.The primary reason for the 3 star review is that they allowed a lady to eat inside the restaurant with a dog in a stroller parked next to her.  She even ordered him a meal.  I left before I was able to see whether this dog will be accompanying her at the table or if she was going to use the utensils to feed him.  I am an animal lover but the person I was dining with was totally grossed out by the entire situation and pointed out that this is not sanitary.  I was more grossed out by the couple on the other side of the restaurant making out in their booth like its their last day on earth.  She was siting on his lap and they were french kissing.  Kind of weird but not the restaurants fault.
4 Thai Paradise has a wide array of lunch specials (over 30 items) to choose from, after about 10 minutes of trying to decide/ask for help I ended up choosing the Spicy Basil Chicken (medium heat). The dish had robust and authentic Thai flavors that weren't over bearing, it came with wontons and fluffy white rice. Next time I am going to get it more spicy because the medium wasn't hot enough! All of the lunch specials come with either a salad or soup, I ended going with the Tom Kha soup. At the end of the meal the staff usually  gives a complementary desert called black pudding soup which is sweet and savory made with coconut milk, sweet corn and rice. I was apprehensive to try it first, but its an amazing way to end a meal 10/10 There is also a lot of customer parking parking in the back for all of the different store fronts. You can also enter through the rear of the restaurant
4 Hidden gem! Big portions, fairly priced. Easy parking! Need I say more?!Found this place by accident and glad I did. Walked in and was greeted by friendly staff - so bravo on the service!Then, their lunch menu is great. Good portions, quick and priced is good for what you get. So good, that I had to get their mango sticky rice If you're in the area, definitely check it out!
2 The food tastes amazingly delicious and the staffs are super helpful. Parking is moderately easy, with plenty of Handicap spots right in front of the restaurant. A good resto to bring any age of family members. A great place for family dinner with some birthday cake cutting. I will def be coming back in the near future when I get a Thai food craving.
5 One of our favorite thai restaurants! Nice decor and spacious inside. Nice friendly service. Goid selection of foods, good portion and flavor.
3 TLDR:Food: 4/5Service: 4/5Parking: 4/5Overall: 4/5Came here to eat with some high school friends.Was pretty good overall, food was solid. I had the Thai bbq chicken, like my humor was a bit dry. I was a bit disappointed with the food, because my friends said this place was amazing. I probably would come back in the future though if I have no idea what to eat and am in the area.
4.5 Attentive, focused staff. They didn't have me waiting or made feel like an outsider because I'm not of Asian background. They are professional and don't discriminate to non Asian people. I really appreciate how they still make and serve original Pad Thai. They also still prepare their "to go meals" in the white styrofoam boxes unlike most other Pad Thai places that serve it in a black TV dinner type of box. Pad Thai was good too, the color and texture of it was attractive. Most other Thai places make their Pad Thai look ugly and sloppy with the noodles all clumped together. Thank you Thai Paradise
4.2 Came in on a weekday evening for dinner and was surprised to find that there was a wait! It wasn't a long wait as there is ample seating but it was quite busy! We ordered the Tom Ka Kai noodle soup, spicy basil chicken (I think that's what it's called) and a side order of the sticky rice. I would have to say that the spicy basil chicken was the highlight of the meal. The meat was a little on the saltier side as it's meant to be eaten with the rice. Unfortunately I'm not a huge fan of plain rice and so we ordered a side of sticky rice that I thought it went perfectly with. The Tom Ka Kai noodle soup was a little disappointing. It didn't have as strong of lemongrass flavor as I would have liked it to. It wasn't bad but it wasn't great either. We had to ask for a side of limes to get that kick of flavor that we were craving. Service is quick and friendly and the food also came out fairly quickly considering how busy it was.  For sure will be returning for the spicy basil chicken!
4.5 Good good and good service. Love the papaya salad and Tom Kah Gai. Excellent place for dinner or a date
4 Been coming Thai Paradise for years, the food here never disappoints. I love that they deliver as well, super convenient if you need to order lunch and don't want to leave the office. They have great lunch specials and a pretty extensive menu. Some of my favorites here are:- tofu pad Thai - spicy basil chicken with soft tofu- Tom yum noodle soup- yellow curry Service is always great, it could get busy during lunch and dinner rush.
3.5 Foods from here are super salty.  Every dish I eat  felt like I'm swallowing salt. Horrible place.
4.5 This is my second time here and I've had positive experiences both times. Upon entrance the server was prompt and helped me find my party immediately. We were well taken care of throughout our meal. What we ordered: Pad Thai:  Tasty and robust with flavor (A)Eggplant Basil: Generous portions of eggplant, vegetables, and sauce (A+)Red curry w/ chicken: The curry was delicious but the chicken was on the dry side. I think it was kept too long in the liquid. (B-)There is also a large lot in the back. On weekdays it is fairly empty but good luck finding parking on the weekends!
4.5 They have the nicest staff here. When I call in to order and give them my phone number my name is listed in their system which is convenient. The food is ready for pickup pretty fast. I usually order the Pad Thai which tastes different depending on the day. Sometimes it has a strong flavor which I prefer and sometimes it's mild. The papaya salad is spicy. I can only handle it with medium or mild but it's delicious. My fiancé loves their Tom ka kai (chicken coconut) soup. The pad see ew is always good. We've tried their curries and they have all been yummy. I really enjoy the pork jerky. Sometimes they throw in free egg rolls or Fried wontons which is very cool.
4 I love the chicken fried rice, coconut soup, pad Thai, I just love everything in the menu lol  it's so yummy
4 Bomb food. Service is good. Easy 5 stars. I'm only typing more to meet the minimum requirement but this place is legit. I usually get soup from here. bomb.com
4 Came in for lunch on Sunday. We ordered pad Thai and the stuffed chicken wing. The chicken has a very crispy coating and is well seasoned. The sweet and sour sauces pair very well with the fried chicken wing and helps cut the richness.The pad Thai noodles were very tender and the sauce tastes very good. They give you a good amount of protein with the noodles as well.As usual, they give you a delicious Thai black rice pudding dessert with the bill for free. A perfect way to end the meal!
4.5 Went here on a Saturday night and it wasn't a long wait for us to get our table. The staff is always very friendly and attentive.This is one of my favorite Thai restaurants in the Alhambra area. Their lunch specials are always a great deal.The crab fried rice has a good amount of crab in it. The chicken yellow curry is always a good option as it is well seasoned and you can customize the spicy level. I also recommend their beef satay sticks. They're so tasty and the sauce pairs so well!
4 I've always been pleased with the food and service at Thai Paradise. Staff has always delivered with the each dish and their hospitality. Most definitely recommend you visit and try for yourself!!
4.5 The food always tastes fresh and it's literally always ready when I arrive for pick up. This place is a winner!
4.3 Pretty standard Thai food! I called ahead to place an order and came by to pick it up 20 minutes later. I got the Pad See Ew with Beef, which was a little too salty for me. I also tried the Tom Ka Noodles, which I enjoyed more. The coconut soup was very creamy, but I thought there were way too many pieces of ginger in the soup.I'm glad the portion sizes were large because the taste didn't quite meet my expectations for the price.
4 Thai Paradise had some of the best service I've ever experienced! The food came very quickly and our server was so kind and helpful! We ordered the papaya salad and the green curry both of which were so flavorful and beautifully prepared. I would definitely recommend getting the papaya salad as a starter, it was so light but still had strong flavors. I cant wait to come back and try more! Also, there is an abundance of parking in the back which is a great plus!
5 The staff here is AMAZING. They are very attentive and make an effort to accommodate to any food allergies. I had the Pad See Ewe with tofu (vegetarian style: they replace the fish sauce with a vegetarian alternative). I eat Thai food often and always and this is by far some of the best I've had. There is ample parking available in the parking garage, although the spaces can be a bit tight.Overall a great place. I can't find anything negative to say!
3 1st time here and very disappointed after checking yelp and seeing it had 4 1/2 stars. There were 3 of us, we were starving after the dodger game. Thai is one of our favorite go to meals. Soup tasted like boiled faucet water, crispy pork was hard and disgusting, I took a bite and had to spit it out. The fried rice had no flavor, orange chicken tasted like chicken was days old and left out. Definitely won't be going back. Service was great and I almost feel bad leaving this review. But after paying over $80 just to be disappointed, this is my review,
5 3/21 I went to eat for the first time, the three-flavored fish was delicious, I ate the whole fish, and the super wide noodles were also delicious.  The taste is very authentic.
2 Amazing food . The best Thai food seasoning ever . Shrimp fried rice and Thai beef delicious . Friendly and clean
3 The pad thai was decent. In my opinion I've had better but I decided to give this place a try. Good portion for a lunch option. I will try other spots before deciding to return. Friendly staff though and they were quick.
4 I walked in the food smelled amazing it hurts me to write this review. I thought my dish was going to taste the way it smelled when I walked in. (I know that I may have not order the same dish but come on) I can tell the rice is old it's been fried twice and the meat is old as well not old as in expired but old as in they cooked it early in the day then just reheated with my fried rice. Not acceptable. But hey maybe your experience will be different. Mine was terrible based on the quality of the food.My wife enjoyed her food except it was not very hot though
4 Very solid thai place. I get the curry fried rice and pad thai. Very solid choice.Very good.I come here every so often when I don't want to dry far for thai food.
2 In my family, Thai Paradise isn't our first choice when we want Thai food. We come here because it's just close compared to the other Thai restaurants that we prefer (Ex. President Thai). The food just isn't as good as the other Thai restaurants that I've been to.But I've grown to know that not a lot of people are that picky about their Thai food. Thai Paradise might be for you. They have great service and have a good selection, they don't have boat noodle however. But if you're like most people, you didn't even know/care. The interior is also well decorated and their drinks aren't expensive. The restaurant is large, so they are capable of accommodating large groups. They appear to have a karaoke set ready --so I presume parties are welcome.Plenty of parking in the back, and there's a number of places to hang out afterwards on the street of Atlantic.
1 We delivered from them for years, and we noticed the change over the years: portion is getting smaller, quality is getting worse and worse, ingredients change (for example, for angel wings, they are just putting veggies in, where it was pork and veggie before) to the point we do not order from them anymore.  Rice is oily and hard, noodles overcooked and soggy...... Everything tastes so much worse than before.
4 Pretty good! Decided to stop in tonight and get some pad Thai. They modified it to make it vegan for me but they informed me that they actually don't have very customizable menu items for a vegan. Pad thai's always a safe bet so that's what I got. Pretty standard, it's not something to write home about but it's good pad Thai. It's got a good flavor and I added sriracha to mine for some kick. Fried tofu was yummy, just wish it came w some more vegetables. Overall I'd say it's a good value for the price!
5 Great food!! Portions are large for a fair price. Service was friendly over the phone and we even got a complimentary appetizer. Please support local businesses and give this place a try :)
5 First time ordering to-go since COVID hit. Still just as good and it seems like they upped the quantity! Order through phone for easy pickup and they even deliver for free if you live within 3 miles (double check). I just wish they would include their delicious purple rice dessert we usually get at the end of dine-in meals. Enjoy!
4.3 Nice setup for the most part except the tacky karaoke stage/area they got going on. The servers are welcoming and accommodating. There's usually no wait, it's never crowded, but parking lot can get tight during busy meal times. Most dishes are delicious and flavorful. Some standouts include pad thai, pad see ew, tom yum goong, soft-shell crab, curry, and three flavor shrimp & scallops. I did notice some of the dishes flavored with red sauce/seasoning taste very similar... there was also redundancy of flavor in other dishes.  It's a bit on the pricey side so the best would be to catch the lunch specials...it comes with a soup or salad, however, the meal portions are a bit smaller. The meal is finished with a purple rice pudding, which is actually really good. Of course I get the thai tea with boba which is top notch despite the overloading of ice. Overall, a solid Thai restaurant that will satisfy your cravings.
4.2 Had dinner here tonight had the red red curry chicken and ginger beef both exceeded expectations not one bad thing to say would highly recommend definitely coming back thank you guys !
4.5 I must start this review with a disclaimer that when it comes to Thai food, I give the most weight to whether the restaurant has a good Tom Yum Goong (aka spicy lemongrass soup with shrimp). Spoiler alert... Thai Paradise has the best Tom Yum Goong I've had in a very long time! This by itself is deserving of 5 stars.Anyway, I went to Thai Paradise for the first time with a friend who is on Keto diet, while I am just trying to be healthier. How can both our needs be met at a Thai restaurant, you ask? Tom Yum and some sauteed broccoli with chicken. They were both delicious! Granted, I kind of cheated when I decided I could not pass on the Thai iced tea, but I regret nothing! Thai tea was great (and yes, there are variations of how good this tea can be). I was debating giving 4 stars since I've only been here once and have not tried too many dishes, but service was good, ambiance was lovely, and food was great, so for now, 5 stars seems appropriate. I definitely want to come back to try the chicken sate, the noodle dishes, and the fried rice. Thai Paradise, I'll be back!
4 I ordered takeout from here and I was really disappointed. I ordered the 3 flavor fish and the spicy noodles and both were really bland. The spicy noodles barely had any aromatics (not a lot of basil) and tasted soooo bland. The sauce of the fish was thin and just tasted sweet and one noted. The quality of this restaurant has definitely gone down through the years ):
3.5 Came with a party of 4 around 8pm on a weekend. Got seated promptly.Ordered: Beef Salad, Tom Kha Goong, Gai Lan with Krispy Pork, Chicken Pad Thai, and Beef Pad See Ew. Beef Salad: This surprisingly became one of my favorite dishes. Flavors were good with a nice kick to it. The beef wasn't hard to chew. I would totally get this again. Tom Kha Goong: Good, but use more coconut flavor. Gai Lan with Krispy Pork: This was interesting. Not a fan of the krispy pork because it seemed to be double fried and hard for me to chew. But good flavors. Pad Thai and Pad See Ew: Great flavors and textures like your typical Pad Thai and Pad See Ew dishes. Overall, had a nice meal here. Friendly and efficient service.
4.5 Excellent customer service, from the moment you walk in to the moment you walk out. The food was good. Pad Thai noodles mixed with chicken and beef was flavorful. Spring rolls cooked to perfection, crispy on the outside and soft in the inside. The chicken skewers had an good taste as well. The seasoning was good, the chicken itself moist. The only thing I didn't enjoy was the peanut sauce. The Thai tea also deserves a honorable mention, it tasted great. A good meal shared among friends always taste better. Enjoy!
4.5 The place and foods taste good most of the time. The customer service is good. The atmosphere is also elegant. No complaints. A bit pricey.
4 Thai food is just delicious. This place is really no exception. My spouse and I came here when we first moved into the area and keep coming back. We always have a good experience though there are dishes to avoid. We prefer the pineapple shrimp, pad thai, and panang. These are staples of thai, and you normally cant go wrong with them. You should also never miss a chance to order a thai iced tea. Theirs are great! And to top it off, they give a free dessert which is pretty good.As far as atmosphere, this place has karaoke! For some, that might be something to avoid. But for us, it's amazing. Parking is a nightmare when the center gets busy since there are a ton of neat restaurants and coffee shops in the same building.
4 This is my long overdue review. I've been coming here for years.  Like 10 years, I think.  My absolute favorite is their Tom Kha soup with shrimp.  It is a spicy coconut soup with lemongrass, fresh mushrooms and shrimp.  So delicious! Our order usually consists of the soup, satay with beef and shrimp and rice with a beer or Thai Iced Tea.  Their staff is very accommodating to big parties and parties with little ones like ours. We come here often and are never disappointed with their food or service. FYI: There is no baby diaper changing table in the restroom.
4 Love this place, excellent vegan options! Favorites are Prik King Tofu, Tom Yum Kai tofu and Papaya salad (w/ no shrimp or fish sauce.)  and they are so fast and nice, too!
4 Searching for Thai food in the area. This caught me eye. Came here with a few friend from out of town, we order a curry, fish and few other dishes. Everything is awesome here. Definitely will come back
4.5 Love this cute little Thai restaurant! The decor is very old school, but super charming. We were greeted with big smiles right when we walked in, and service was excellent throughout our meal. We came in on a Saturday for lunch, and were excited to find that they offered "lunch specials" on the weekend as well! Each meal came with rice, fried wontons, and soup or salad - awesome deal for $10 or less! We ordered the yellow curry with chicken, and the pad see ew. Both dishes were absolutely delicious, and we had plenty of leftovers to take home! We also ordered thai tea, which was possibly the best thai tea I've ever had. My new go-to Thai restaurant for their awesome food, great prices, and sweet servers.
4.4 We love this place!!! Great food!! Great people!! #1 Thai place in Monterey park. Good for dining in or taking home.
3.6 We ordered the eggplant basil & crab fried rice with no spice and that might have been our mistake.  Even so, the eggplant was way too sweet and the crab didn't have any flavor.  Will have to try again.
5 Me and a couple friends from work decided to make a run out to the Half and Half Boba store next door during our lunch break. One of my friends was hungry and decided to get some takeout from here. When she ordered Drunken Noodles with tofu, one of my favorite Thai Dishes of all time, I decided to order the same even though I wasn't hungry. When the employee asked how spicy I wanted my order, I told him spicy spicy spicy. When we got back to the office, my friend realized that on our receipts was a number scale of how spicy our dishes were. Her noodles were a 3 and mine were a 9! I just thought that was really funny :)The food came out to a little under $10 and it was pretty good.SECOND VISIT:  I came here for lunch with one of my colleagues and we actually ate in today.  I ordered the same dish again but it wasn't really that good today, just average.
5 i used to love this place but i think ownership or something changed ... definitely not as good as before; the quality of ingredients seems to have gone down. the crab fried rice is more greasy and the rice is different ... the meat in the rice doesn't seem too fresh either
4 The workers are so nice and friendly! Food came out hot and quick..not one thing wrong with any of our orders..(there was 8 of us) and they all tasted great! The waiter was great...we had tipped him cash but he was honest and said the tip was included in a party of our size! We let him keep half of the cash tip anyway for being kind and honest. Great place, great food, great service, great prices
1 Delicious crab fried rice. It's a bit on the expensive side. The quantity is pretty good too. I've gotten it a couple of times before and usually quality is consistent except for the last time. But I would definitely recommend the place.
4 Wet love this place. The food is great. The people who work there are really nice. It's our favorite Thai place in the area. We've been going for 3 years. I'd recommend the fish filet with the apple sauce. ( Not American style apple sauce. This is steps if apple in the apples juice). All the noodle dishes we've had are great. I have a beef dish once that was excellent too. The curry's are really good. They ask you how spicy you want your food 1-10. I like mine spicy and I like that they ask. And it's very spicy if you ask for it that way. The fried banana dessert is amazing. But if you don't get dessert they bring you a sweet corn dessert anyway and that's also great. They have outdoor tables in front. Maybe 5 or 6. Maker sure you go to this Thai Paradise on Atlantic because there's another, unrelated Thai Paradise on Las Tunas which is not good at all. So be careful not to make that mistake. This one is highly recommended.
4 I've only checked in on Yelp once, but I've now been here five times. My parents, on the other hand, have been here more than ten (10+). We drive all the way from South Torrance for their phenomenal service and food.My parents absolutely love the Lemon Fish -- they order it every time with a spice level of 20. Crazy, I know. The servers and cooks love it, and sometimes watch them take their first bite. I've tried it, and am slowly getting on their level (with much tears and sweat)... The fish is soft and tender with more than enough meat for 3 people. Finally, dipping steamed rice into the juice is... phenomenal. My parents are hooked, and I'm getting addicted each time.I order another plate to share, and the recent Chicken with Coconut Soup tasted amazing. The coconut of course helps settle the blazin' fish (or any spicy plate) on your tongue. However, the dish also comes with a fire so that it is kept heated, and was simply delicious. Safe options I've previously ordered definitely include the Pad Thai, Pad See Ew or Beef.To end a delicious meal, the Mango with Sticky Rice always serves pure satisfaction. As for drinks, enjoy the Thai Tea with Boba, Chardonnay with your seafood or a Corona. Lovely.Service has always been 5+ stars. We love the workers' kindness and energy. This place is unquestionably our Thai Paradise!
3 One of my favorite Thai restaurants.  They deliver to my home, they give free egg rolls when you order a certain amount.  Pad Thai, papaya salad and curries are always great.  Don't love the teriyaki chicken, but at least there's an option for my younger son who doesn't love Thai food as much as the rest of us do.
5 I tried it for the first time.  Not bad. I had some tea which was recommended by my friend and yea no I'm good. But overall the food is good.
2 Stopped by due to the reviews and I gotta say it was a good decision!! It's a little hard to find with the GPS so the best thing to do is to just park (plenty of parking) and start walking. Once we did that we found it easily. We quickly got seated and they took our order right away. We ordered the basil  with beef stir fry and a beef pad see ew. Both dishes were very flavorful (especially the basil dish) and they gave good portions.  My favorite part about this place is their dessert!! Instead of doing the fortune cookie they do this sweet rice with coconut milk hot dessert which is sooo good!! I wanted more!! Definitely would come back again
5 Food was good as always and nd service was quick and friendly.  Loved their pork jerky.
4.5 -Ordering through quarantine-So good!!!!  Ordering via phone is so easy, they are personable and make sure to ask questions about your order to ensure there's no miscommunication. They even let me know that their lunch special was a more affordable option once, which I really appreciated bc I didn't know it existed They prep the food super quick, I've ordered whole dinner for my family of four before and it was ready within 30 minutes. Pick up is easy from the back
4 Thai Paradise is on my top 5 for east side Thai food. Generally I get Yellow Curry(medium), Pad Thai, Pineapple Fried Rice, vegetables, and thai iced tea. I haven't been inside in awhile due to the deadly pandemic we have on our hands, but it used to be packed on the weekends. During the day or evening weekdays is my preferred time because ... crowds. The dining room isn't very big and the tables are relatively close together, but none of that matters right now! The servers are always friendly. The kitchen is quick to get your food out, and it always seems fresh. The restaurant is clean and has a good vibe.Parking is not good. Mostly street and there's an awkward garage/lot behind the strip mall that is usually full. Right now they do take out, and have online ordering through their website. I recommend trying Thai Paradise if you are new to this area or just looking for something new to try.
4.5 I don't have a picture because it was so delicious I didn't think to take one. Ordered takeout but would like to eat inside because it looked cute and clean. I order the tom ka with shrimp one medium spicy and regular with some white rice and it was perfect! Also, the restaurant was so kind and threw in some free veggie egg rolls that were also so yummy. Will definitely be coming back and making this my new favorite Thai restaurant.
4 I got the spicy noodle, moo ping sticky rice and crispy chicken wings. I swear I've eaten here before and liked it but tonight that was not the case. The spicy noodle was too salty and the chicken wings smelled of old oil. The moo ping with sticky rice was good but I was not a fan of their sauce. I've had it before but this one tasted off. I was kind of disappointed. Maybe they were having an off night.
3.5 Food was different of what I'm used too. I tried different dishes. Out of 4 I liked 2. I can't remember the dishes names. For service we got it for pick up so we didn't dine in. Next time we will eat in to check out the ambiance of the restaurant.
4.5 I came to this restaurant many suns and moons ago...and today, returned and still enjoying their food!!! Tasty seafood pad Thai, Tom yum soup, and seafood cauliflower snow pea!!!
4.5 I came to this restaurant many suns and moons ago...and today, returned and still enjoying their food!!! Tasty seafood pad Thai, Tom yum soup, and seafood cauliflower snow pea!!!
4 I ate as much as I could. It was delicious. The service was great! The water tasted great too! Overall, very good experience. I would for sure come back. The interior decor is such a vibe. The vibes were immaculate.
4 They deliver. The food is good. This place saved me from starvation on many late nights at work. From the time I place an order, it usually takes them half an hour to arrive at my office.I love to get a soft shell crab, a chicken pad Thai and a Thai iced tea. The crab is perfectly crispy and comes with salad and dipping sauce. The pad Thai never disappoints with it's freshly woked noodles, vegetables and chopped peanuts. It is savory, soft, crunchy and super satisfying. The Thai iced tea washes it all down.
4 I had the Basil chicken. I didn't expect it to come as ground chicken, but it was good! I really did not expect the dish to be so spicy so be careful when you order the food spicy. The service is really nice and is willing to help you out. I love the decor and the vibe is nice. I really want to try their other stuff so I'll definitely be coming by and see what else they offer.
4.5 Hot tom yum soup on a cold (California cold) day always hits the spot. Thai Paradise has been one of my go to spots since forever - good food, and attentive staff! Our regular orders are the pad see ew, seafood tom yum, thai paradise beef, and spicy fried rice! This Thai location is priced a little higher than other locations but the quality of the food is bomb.
4 My family and I occasionally come to Thai Paradise when we're in need of some good 'ol comfort food. Located in the same plaza as Half & Half. Staff is normally friendly and attentive.We never really opt for anything different since we know what we like and whats good (in our opinion at least!) Normally we opt for the beef/chicken skewers, beef salad, pad see ew, tom yum soup and fried rice. The end of the meal concludes with a small dessert which consists of dark purple sweet rice, coconut, and corn - delicious and just the right amount!
4.4 I used to order from this place for years. If I am going to pay $80 for dinner, it better be good. The place was dirty and the food didn't taste well. I understand we are in a pandemic, but disposable utensils and plates, doesn't cut it for the price.
3.6 Ordered take out, and it didn't take long about 15 minutes for order to be ready.The food was amazing!  Fresh and crisp veggies and not over cooked!  The Pad Thai was delicious!   It even works for leftovers if you happen to have any left.  Also ordered the Shrimp fried rice, which had a generous amount of plump shrimp.  The taste of the Chicken Satay also delicious!!  I'm certain whatever is your dish Thai Paradise will make it amazingly delicious!!! I hope to eat here when indoor dining comes back!  This place is a hidden gem!  If you were lucky to try this place, then you will be happy to have found such delicious food!
3 Spicy Catfish! Another dish of Spicy Chicken Basil - I enjoyed the lunch menu and easy takeout! A real treat!
4 Don't get me wrong - I love Thai food. However I guess Thai food to go isn't as tasty as I thought it would be. I called on Sunday to grab a meal prep for the bf (lol) and we got the large pad Thai with extra noodles. It's $1 for extra noodles. Even though it is a huge portion, I don't recommend eating it overnight. My bf said it wasn't as tasty anymore and it lost its flavor. When I took it out of the box, it was kind of chunky and hard. In some ways, it did remind me of my dad's chow mein.. and that's just a big nope for me. I haven't tried their other items on their menu. Our meal turned out to be $13 because of the extra noodles. It did feed him for 3 days, but I would pass next time. The restaurant itself is pretty spacey and there were many families eating there on a Sunday night. I'm still on the hunt for another popular Thai joint!
5 Came here on a Sunday with a date. This was my first time eating at this location, but I've eaten at the other one in San Gabriel before. Pros: easy short wait (even before coronavirus), attentive good service, good food like the other place, good portion size and had leftoversCons: Hmm...not much. Just structured parking is a little less convenientI would go back, but the other one is closer to me.  I think Thai Paradise and President Thai are the best Thai restaurants in all of SGV.
3 Wow! I live in the neighborhood and we stumbled upon this place today and ordered delivery thru ubereats. We ordered pad see woo and a coconut red curry. Everything was soooo delicious we will definitely order from this place again. Ask hot sauce if you dont have any...thankfully we had some but the delivery didnt come with hot sauce or chili pepper.
5 Thai food is so good but there's also quite a few places in the SGV that serve it so it's hard to try them all. I typically like to frequent places I know are good but I want to give places a try because you never know what you'll come to find! We ordered the duck red curry, pad thai, and basil chicken with tofu. ALL GREAT DISHES! The flavors are perfectly on point, mesh well with one another, and are perfect to share. I absolutely love to order family style so you get to try multiple things at once. Definitely give this place a whirl if you're looking for some delicious Thai food!
5 TL;DR Get the sweet & sour sea bass!I ordered Satay Beef, Chicken Pad Thai, Beef Panang Curry, Pork Jerky, and Sweet & Sour Sea Bass. The order came with free Egg Rolls (4). I had originally inquired about the Sweet and Sour Stripe Bass on the menu, but the receptionist told me that they had Sea Bass rather than Stripe Bass.if there one thing you MUST try, it is the Sweet & Sour Sea Bass. It really deserves to be called a chef's special, props to the chef.1. It was deep-fried, and came in a small tray to preserve its full-body shape; it looked amazing. 2. It is BIG. Easily over two pounds.3. Every bite was flesh. Very few bones!4. It was mouth-watering. Despite being unable to eat it sitting down at the restaurant, it was still so delicious! It also came with a load of sweet and sour pineapply and vegetables (in a separate container), which made it even more amazing.Everything was great! I was not sure how spicy the curry would be, so I went non-spicy this time, but next time I will definitely up the heat.
5 Went here for lunch today with my dad and it was pretty good , wish they had more pictures for non-thai people like myself..
5 Friendly staff, good food :) the water was crisp and the iced tea was immaculate, the shrimp was big and great
3 Great sodas water is clean straight out the reservoir in front of ur face and food is bomb. The atmosphere is what I come for not the un opened u carbonated soda that gets you hallucinating is something we else be why did my bro choose this bomb spot is beyond me.
5 Staff seated us right away. Our waiter and server was very friendly. The restaurant ambience was quiet, spacious, and clean. I bumped on the music playlist, as Taylor Swift's discography played throughout the night. I didn't want to be rude and ask the staff to change it. They seemed to love her music. I thought BTS would've been better for me. Overall, an enjoyable experience. Would come back again.
4.5 Ordered lunch combos Pepper beef came sweet and sour style almost but that's not what this dish is??? with all kinds of filler ingredients like carrots, onions pineapples Etc. only a few pieces of beef.Pat Un sen has the same problem, barely any noodles but bunch of sprouts, onions and other fillers. Won't order lunch from them again unfortunately.
4.2 Ordered takeout from this place.  Scheduled for 6:30, I got there at 6:40.  The guy in the front was on the phone placing an order and all the rest of the workers were running around like chickens with their heads cut off. It was fairly busy with big tables. Another lady walked in wanting to get seated.  The guy on the phone apologized as he was on the phone for maybe 3-4 more minutes. He finally got off and said, do you know what you want to order. I told him that I placed a Yelp24 eats order.  He quickly gets it, has me sign the paper and gives it to me.I had ordered the Pad Thai for my dad and the Beef Salad for myself.  My dad enjoyed his pad thai. My beef salad was good but very spicy.   I added more lettuce/greens.
4.5 I ate here for my birthday with a group of friends and forgot to recommend them. I've also come here before with my mom. Perfect Thai food. Tom Yum soup is great and their mango sticky rice is so fresh and sweet but not like annoying to chew. Food presentation is immaculate and decor is nice too. Service is great, as the waiters were kind and friendly, explaining different dishes to us. Definitely recommend eating here.
4 Hello my Yelpies, I've been to this restaurant a few times but never at this location. Had a random craving for some Thai food so thought to myself why not, since this place is literally down the street from my work. Their Parking is convenient since they do have a back parking lot which is shared with other small restaurants and retail stores. I order the Spicy Basil Tofu with rice($6.95 + tax for lunch specials only), usually I don't come here because this place is definitely pretty expensive. But since they have a lunch special it wasn't too bad. Usually for dinner my bill always comes out to over $15+ tip for just myself, definitely not an everyday place lol. Unfortunately, it is not the same as before anymore, the tofu was extremely hard  and very chewy,usually most tofu are very soft but not this one. I tried it about a year ago and it was very delicious, the tofu have the best soft texture that melts in your mouth. I do like their sauce base but the one I order today was way too salty. As for my co-worker he order the pad-tai with tofu($7.95), the sauce was good, noodle texture was good but overall together it was a little on dry, he also agree with me that the tofu is way over fried. I'm just glad that I didn't pay over $13 for this. I do appreciate their service, everyone was very friendly with a big smile on their face and the place was decently clean and well organized. Overall, 4 stars for service, 2 for food, 3 for environment/decoration and 2 for atmosphere. I most likely won't be coming back here in the near future. But thank you for your service.
3.5 Every time I come, I have this spicy and beef craving, so I ordered the Thai Paradise beef. They have several beef salads and grilled, but this one is charbroiled barbecue style and their marination is better than Korean meat. I wish they gave me the recipe for it because the meat quality is good. There's a spicy green sauce that it comes with and I'm addicted to it. Just FYI, this was about $13 or $14 where as their regular beef salad on the salad section is $10. That beef is also different. I'm never really disappointed here with the taste, spice accuracy, and service. This might be one of the best Thai restaurants in town. Of course they gave complimentary red bean dessert.
4.5 Crab fried rice- has eggs, peas, green onions, real crab pieces, scrambled egg bites, and fried rice. I tasted crab, it was good. Tom yum soup- has mushrooms, tomatoes and I chose level 9 for spice and it was perfect! Spicy that my noise was dripping. It had a little kick. Pad see ew- Chinese broccoli, beef, pan fried noodles, and one star I marked off from rating this place because our pad see ew literally had almost no scrambled eggs in it. Pad see ew is suppose to have that included. It was good though. And complimentary dessert which tasted okay, red bean. I prefer the Chinese one. Everything tastes good. I have came here before and would likely return.
4.5 Pad Thai was dry and  bland. Tom Yum soup was bland and not sour. Disappointed. Really hard to find good Thai food around mpk.
4 The service at Thai paradise is amazing. They are friendly and attentive. Everything seems to be very clean anThe yellow curry with tofu and a drink of Thai iced tea is a must!
4 The service at Thai paradise is amazing. They are friendly and attentive. Everything seems to be very clean.The yellow curry with tofu and a drink of Thai iced tea is a must!
4 Came here for lunch with coworkers since it's close by & reviews were  good. We did takeout.I had the broccoli with tofu and the other two had the yellow curry (& you get to choose the heat level).They only had salad available with the lunch menu which was fine with me because i love salads!  After we placed our order, the employee told us it would take 10 min.  There's a Half & Half and Beard Papas and a coffee shop nearby so if you don't want to wait around outside, there are more options to purchase drinks or desserts.  And our order was ready in ten minutes!They gave a lot of food, for me it was a lot! Two wontons, two scoops of fried rice, the small salad and the meal itself. They also threw in additional wontons.Everything was delicious! The service was friendly and the food came out fast. They were very busy when we got there (around 11:20am) and had a lot of to-go or delivery orders to handle so I'm glad we didn't have to wait that long.I grabbed a menu on the way out and will definitely be going back for their lunch specials.
4 For a local thai restaurant this place does the job! It's cheap and fast.  Good portions. If i could, i would say 3.5 instead. It's not amazing.  We got the tom yum soup noodle - just come with shrimp and noodle. Nothing else. But lots of shrimp. the noodles are large flat noodles like "he FUN" or "pad see ew".Pad See Ew - i love this dish and i don't think you can really mess it up. It was good and full of veggies and chicken!  It was pretty large so we had leftovers for the next day.Calamari appetizer - surprisingly this was waaay better than i expected. it doesnt have just the calamari rings but they cut up a bigger squid so you have larger pieces to eat from too. They also have a sweet tangy dipping sauce that i enjoyed. Overall, i would still come back because its close to home, free shipping ($25+ order), and its still good. Parking - they have a lot in the back!
4.5 This place gives a free Thai tea for a rating ! 5 stars from me.  I love Thai tea.  Laughing out loud !  food is good too... service is good. Be patient during lunch hour cause it gets full ..  I recommend pad Thai
3.6 Good Thai food, but on the pricier side (especially in SGV where good options abound). Well priced  lunch specials with salad and rice as side options.Write a yelp review and then get a free small Thai Iced Tea.  The Thai Iced Tea is on the sweeter side, sufficient that I (as a white guy) enjoyed it.  It's borderline too sweet for an Asian palette, but the overall flavor is pleasurable. The Beef Salad is not the usual, it's different from other places.  First, it doesn't have the lime flavoring (but you can ask for some).  Second, it's more like sauteed beef.  The portion of meat is generous, in addition to a variety of vegetables.  Only improvement that I see is the iceberg lettuce could be cut up into smaller pieces (hard to eat otherwise). The Pad Thai with Tofu is large, filling a whole plate.  The sauce used is well flavored, but there is not enough of it and so the dish comes across as slightly dry.  It's not as simple as "just adding sauce later", so when ordering ask for them to make it with more sauce then usual.  Tasty and I would definitely order the Pad Thai again.  The meal ends with a complimentary coconut rice porridge dish, sweet enough that I liked it (almost too sweet, but I finished it).
4.5 Food was DELICIOUS!!! Never fails for great authentic Thai food! Ordered about 8 dishes for my moms birthday and it was amazing! We all had a feast! I ordered - fish cake- tom yum shrimp- papaya salad - pad thai chicken- pad see ew beef- pineapple fried rice- beef salad- spicy basil mixed veggiesTotally recommend this place for Thai food!!
4 The closest Thai place by my house. I usually order delivery since they offer FREE delivery. The food is nothing to rave about, but it gets the job done on a lazy night when you don't want to cook or go anywhere. Food isn't bad. I've tried their Tom Yum, Pad Thai, Papaya Salad, Red and Green Curry, Pad See Ew and many other dishes.My favorite items here are the curries. You can choose your level of spiciness between 1-10. I usually go with 7-8 but on my last delivery order I went with 10 and it had a KICK. Do no recommend the 10 for the average palate - it definitely woke me up. I was sweating, wiping and eating at the same time!
5 I love this place I get the spicy shrimp salad and the sticky wings... so so good!! And customer service is so bomb!! A must try!!!
4 My mom just went to Thai Paradise the other day said that the food was the worst thing she ever had in Thai food food was salty everything was blind no Taste pricing not reasonable expensive
1 Just an average Thai restaurant. The price was def not on the cheap side and quality of food was just average. I had tried their shrimp paste, pad see ew, pad thai, fried chicken, papaya salad and curry dish. It is convenient due to location and they do delivery. Everything tasted okay, nothing really wow me. My favorite is def the papaya salad. It was refreshing with a hint of spicy. They gave salad on the side so you could wrap the salad which I kind of not getting it. I would not wrap veggies over veggies just my preference. My least favorite is def fried chicken. Those chicken are over fried, bitter and tiny. Would not order this again.
5 Great food and great prices! A friend and I came here last night - a Tuesday night - for an impromptu dinner. We were seated immediately. There were about 10 other groups of diners (supposedly it's less busy on most nights). The drinks came out right away. The thai tea my friend ordered was really tasty without being too sweet and wasn't thick with half and half like some places make them. My glass of wine was decent and was super cheap at $5 a glass. Apparently, they sell by the bottle for less than $20 too, and I was tempted haha.My tom yum soup came in one of those metal bowls that have a flame coming out from under it. It didn't come with rice, but I ordered it separately. So delish! The crab fried rice that my friend got had real crab in it too, and was really tasty. Overall, a great place to get some really good food for cheap. The complimentary red bean dessert at the end was a great touch too.Plenty of free parking in the structure behind.
4 Called. They put me on hold for 5 mins then disconnected. They never called back. Suggest find another place that knows how to take orders. I've heard this place is overpriced for what you get. Oh well.
4 Best Thai Food in  Monterey Park definitely coming back for more. The food was delicious and the service was great definitely a place worth coming back
4 We went here for a quick bite before an event; we got in an out pretty quickly.  The staff was friendly and had quick service.  I got the yellow curry with chicken and no spice; also, we got the pad thai with beef.  The yellow curry was very yummy, I would definitely get it again.  The pad Thai came in large portions and was flavorful.  At the end of the meal, they gave everyone a red bean dessert.  I never had this dessert before, but everyone enjoyed it and there was small pieces of corn in it as well.  The inside of the restaurant was decorated very beautifully and was clean. I would definitely come here again for some delicous Thai food.
1 The food was delicious! We got the duck noodles and the silver noodle salad. The duck noodles taste like Peking Duck in a warm soup form. Highly recommend! At the end, they serve super tasty a free black rice pudding.
4 This is my go-to place for Thai food in L.A. County. There a dozens of other places between my home and this restaurant and I always make my way to Thai Paradise because I know I won't be disappointed. I go at least twice per month and I'm always pleased with them. Their food is so good and they are super nice and attentive. I definitely recommend Thai Paradise to anyone who has a hankering for Thai food...you won't be disappointed.
4.3 I wish I could give this place 3.5 stars. The food was good, I was very happy with it. Unfortunately the wait is was killed me. We ordered take out and there was a ton of traffic, so even though we gave them 20 before we left to pick up the food, the traffic ended up giving them 35 minutes to make the food. When I got there I waited another 10-15. Overall it was a good food and I'm gonna chalk this up to it being a busy night.
4.3 Garlic shrimp and fish cake too saltyCan't believe this restaurant has such high recommended
4.5 Great service, great food.This is my favorite choice for Thai food, I love their seafood pad thai and pad see ew.
4 I haven't been here in a long time. My boyfriend was craving Thai food so we decided to come here since it was near my house. The food portions are quite big - so totally worth your money. I wouldn't say it's the best Thai food I've had but authentic enough that I would come back next time I was craving Thai food. Parking:Parking is easy with a large lot in a plaza so it shouldn't be a problem finding a spot. There was no wait time when I got there, but then again I had dinner late at 8-9pm on Saturday. Food:We ordered the Duck Curry, Papaya Salad, Coconut Chicken Soup (forgot what it was called), a bowl of rice to share and a cup of Thai Ice Tea (my favorite).
3.5 I would give this place 3.5 stars. My family likes this place. They are always coming here for their Thai food fix, possibly because it's just down the street. I think Thai Paradise is OK.Thai Paradise is located on Garvey and Atlantic in Monterey Park, which is a very Asian-centric area. It's across the 99 Ranch Market and down the street from Shun Fat Market. I mean, this town is super Asian-centric.The wait staff is very friendly and attentive. The few times I have come here, everyone is smiling and helpful. The restaurant is brightly lit, clean and inviting. There are always a few diners quietly eating their meals, which I find is a good sign.The food is inconsistent. Sometimes, the food is great. Other times, it's only ok. I guess it depends on which cook is working on any given day. Today was one of the bland days. The spicy catfish is good. My mom likes to get it with sauce on the side to keep the catfish crunchy. No one wants a soggy catfish! (I forgot to do this and we ate the soggy catfish.)Will I come here again? Yes, because my family likes it. If my mom wants it, I'm getting it for her. No arguments. Dutiful daughter and all that!
4.5 in search for decent thai food without having to drive all the way down to thai town?thai paradise is your go to spot. quick easy and local without the traffic.my go to orders:*thai paradise beef-i love the dipping sauce that comes w/it.*pad see ew- i usually get beef. pretty flavorful.*pad thai- this is usually my third choice here. but its pretty fair. overall, its a really lax environment. food comes out at a timely manner. good for small parties and larger parties. food is pretty big portions so definitely family style is the way to go so you can try a little of everything. they have a big variety of options on their menu. i would recommend my fellow yelpers to come here if you are in the mood for thai without having to travel very far. can't go wrong with the staple thai dishes. tips:*restroom available*high chair available*credit card/cash accepted*free thai dessert after your meal*shared parking lot or street parking*located at the corner*there's more than one location.
4.5 Saw the review is really high and tonight we were craving for Thai food. I must say we set high expectations on the food. However, we are kind of disappointed as what my hubby said one word bland. I ordered Tom Yum Goong, papaya salad, basil chicken and Panang curry. 1. Tom Yum Goong: too sour and lacking of all the spices. 2. Papaya Salad: was alright. 3. Basil chicken: was flavorless, not dry enough. 4. Panang curry: was okay. Flavor was there, nothing extraordinary. Service is very good, 4 stars; food 3 stars. After dinner, they served red bean paste for dessert. That was nice.
4 Service was excellent, staff was very friendly and welcoming. we went for lunch which they have reasonable lunch specials.  As far as the food the bbq chicken was a little to dry.
4 Noodles were a disappointment. Wanted to give them a 2nd chance. Haven't been here for years. Go the Thai House instead in Monterey Park on Atlantic
4 Excited to try this Thai place out! Plus who doesn't want a free drink after writing a review. Friendly service and short update will be coming up next :)--- UPDATE (one day later ---Great Thai food. A biiiit on the greasy side, but flavor was definitely there.  We ordered the papaya salad, tom kha soup, beef pad-see-ew, and shrimp pad-thai. Delicious.  We also all checked in and wrote a review for our free drink.Nice little incentive, but I hope that everyone is writing their honest experience.  Will probably be back here again if I am in the mood for Thai and in the area.
4 My all time favorite thai restaurant! Checked this restaurant out by coincidence when i dropped by from a trip from half n half. They do have lunch specials so if youre on a budget definitely come before 3 i believe for their lunch menu.Why is this my favorite? Ive eaten at many thai restaurants but this place makes the best beef salad hands down. I have to order this dish whenever im here. Also this is the only restaurant thst makes it spicy when you ask for spicy. (Its a 10 level scale i can tolerate heat so i always request 8 but stick with level 5 if you cant handle heat)Back to the beef salad. The steak is always perfectly cooked medium and so soft. The vinagrette has the perfrct tangy-sweet-spice flavor. It goes incredibly well with the salad and beef. They sprinkle pepper spice and the dish taste bombbb. Order this!I usually also order thr tom yum soup and the green curry with chicken. Tom yum soup has so many seafood and mushrooms. The broth is not too sour and flavorful and it comes in a pot with flames. Dinner and a show!Green curry with chicken is not too sweet which i really appreciste. Some places make it sweet like candy but this is very subtle and the chicken is very moist. If you come at lunch rice is included i believe but rice is extra for dinner. Parking is plentiful and i nver had to wait to be seated. Get the beef salad! You wont regret it!
4.5 Not the best taste. But adorable staffs.. it will become my go to restaurant if I live in the neighborhood, I liked the vibe a lot. Very relaxing.
4.4 I absolutely love this place. It has the best pad Thai I've ever had. The soup is great. The Thai tea tastes great. There is a lot of parking in the parking lot. The mango sticky rice is magical. The interior is pretty cool and has a lot of seating.
3.6 I went with my Grandma and Parents, We had the seafood drunken noodles, the beef pad see ew and a rice dish with meat and orange chicken. The food was great. The only thing is the orange chicken was bit hard and the meat from rice dish a lil funky. My mom had a tai tea and my dad and I had soda and my grandma got a water.
5 One of my favorite places to go for delicious Thai food. Portions are large, and taste is on point. Only this place has my spicy basil chicken with soft tofu!
2 I'm writing this review to get a free drink (see attached photo)The waitress told me to make this review longI haven't even received my food yet but apparently I have to write this review firstI ordered a wonton soup, pad see ew noodles, and a mango dessert.. the waitress promised that mango is sweet but it's not mango season so that's the cliff hanger of this review I guess I'm selling my soul to get a free Thai ice teaI will update this later once the food arrives... probably notBut was the mango fresh???
1 Been here multiple times over the years and can say it never disappoints.  The crab fried rice comes with A LOT of meat and the spicy noodles are delicious.  Cant recommend this place enough!
5 We've actually never been in the restaurant, but have ordered food to be delivered a few times when we've been super lazy. The delivery has always been super quick and the food arrives fresh and perfect. One time there was a need to verify something in our order and they called before making our food. Awesome option for delivery, and really good food. As for the food, we've tried the green and yellow curries so far and they were both really good. We prefer a little spice with our food so a curry is always ordered and has been really good each time. I preferred the green with the vegetables vs. the yellow that had more potatoes. The fried appetizers for the kids are also a hit. One time we got the variety platter, and another time just dumplings. We'll order both again for sure. Overall, really great place to get food when you're craving thai food, but a bonus to this place for their efficient delivery service!
5 I've got a lot of love for Thai Paradise. It's a tad pricey, but well worth it. The woodwork throughout the restaurant is at a Baroque-level of intricacy, and they play slow jams from around the world (side note: my 5 year old nephew has a shirt with a sloth on it, playing guitar with a big ol' smile, it says "slow jams" around it...pretty cute), and overall there's a sense of courtesy and calm  that resides over here. I mean the place is aptly named.The food comes out consistently piping hot, which some people enjoy. I don't, but whatever, I can wait. I'm having the shrimp and squid "chu che" with a side of brown rice, and a Chang Classic lager beer. I could be doing worse.
4 Thai Paradise, more like Thai pair of sighs. Okay sorry, if that didn't get you to stop reading then here're some thoughts. I just wanted to put a bad pun to start the review. The food is good but doesn't really hit the spot. If you have a Thai food craving, it'll be satisfied here but don't expect the flavors to blow your mind.Thai Paradise has a lot of entrees and dishes to choose from but not all dishes are created equal. Some taste way better than others and vice versa. Pad thai, pad see ew and fried rice all have that standard thai taste so it'll definitely satisfy your craving. Now, the chicken basil is a little too heavy on the sauce but lighten it up and it'd be a a wonderful dish. You can always trust Thai Paradise to be consistent with their food. The decor is nice too, very spacious and comfortable and parking is available on the street or the back lot.
4 Love their pad prik king and for me this is the only Thai restaurant that have real spiciness. I have been ordered from lots of Thai restaurant and most of them couldn't make it so spicy the way i like it. Well it just my preference. Their chicken satay with peanut sauce also my favorite. Their meat on the satay is generous, I mean lots of meat thick one. their pad kee mao is okay for me. Pad kee mao is the drunken noodles which comes with bell pepper, some tomatoes I believe and onions. They served it on top of the lettuce but I don't think the lettuce is necessary since it's kinda soggy from the heat of the noodles. About their portion is pretty big so you can share with another people and For their price is same like other Thai restaurant.
5 I'm so disappointed with my order. When I usually order the beef salad, I get it with the dressing  on the side but I forgot to ask this time. My order was so oily and watery than usual. By the time I got home, a majority of the lettuce was soggy.  I'm sure they know that to-go orders for salads get soggy, so why not automatically separate the wet ingredients from the dry ones?! Compared to the other thai paradise on San gabriel, their preparation sucks.
5 Tom yum goong is delicious! Go here for the lunch special. Fast service and friendly staff!
4 My husband and I enjoyed a delicious meal at Thai Paradise. Everything was fresh and flavorful. We actually ordered too many dishes because we didn't expect the servings to be so generous. At the end we agreed that everything was so good that we didn't regret getting too much.
4.5 PAD THAI tasted like SOAP!!!Please read "reviews not recommended" because the high rating will fool you. So I've been to this location for few years but tonight will be the last straw. Their Thai iced tea feels as if I'm drinking out of a Half & Half carton creamer. Seriosuly, it should be more orange instead of like soy milk. How can anyone get this wrong?! I have to agree with the two recent reviewers about the food. Our pineapple fried rice was definitely undercooked- very grainy rice.  Pad Thai shrimp tasted really bad and weird as if our noodles got tampered with washing soap. Or dishes don't get properly washed. Either way there was a lot of chemical residue in our noodles. Couldn't eat it. Sorry, we are breaking up tonight. Be careful everyone.
3.6 My Hubbie and I have been going here for as long as I can remember at least 5 yrs and everything has been delicious. Our usual are:Grilled beef salad Papaya salad Crab Fried RiceTom Yum SoupChicken pad thaiPanang CurryGreen chicken curryAnd of course the Thai Tea We tried to order something new everyone we come but we always ordered the same dishes since we crave it so much. They also give you free dessert at the end of your meal. Service here is always on point. The servers are very nice, friendly, and always on point of their recommendations. We've brought our out of town friends here to dine and everyone loved it.This restaurant is conveniently located left to half and half. Food: 5 starsService 5 stars  Ambience 4 stars Family friendly restaurantIs
4.5 Friendly to the max.No waiting when I came in, but quite crowded.Parking was easy.Very Thai....
4 Can't believe I never wrote a review for this place!! This is one of my favorite Thai restaurants and simply one of the healthier food options. Food: I LOVE the beef salad here. There is a grilled beef salad ($14-15) and a regular beef salad ($11-12). The grilled beef salad is more flavorful than the regular one however for an extra $3, I don't think its exactly worth it. The beef salad has a huge portion of beef in which I wish I had more lettuce on my salad. The beef itself was medium rare which was the perfect amount and it had a very fresh spring mix of greens. I've tried the lunch special beef with rice and it did not compare to the salad beef. The beef portion for that dish was very limited and it was also very spicy when I ordered mild. Overall, this is my place to get beef salad! Service: There is rarely ever a line out here when I go which is nice when you're just super hungry and not willing to wait too long. I'm not exactly sure how waiting is during dinner time but I'll update you on that! They came in and checked up on us once in a while and refilled our waters. Parking: There is underground parking if you can't find any on ground level!
3.5 The flavors were too sweet and hardly any spicy, quite different from what I am used to Thai food.  The scallop and shrimp place came out cold and sweet.  Overall meh.  Probably going to a more authentic Thai place.
4.5 Great Thai food in an area which is dominated by Chinese cuisine.  Super solid choice and nice quiet ambience for lunch or dinner as it isn't always  packed. Great place to have a nice quiet lunch!
4.5 I was trying to find some good Thai food around the area ever since I moved to Monterey Park and I LOVE their pad see ew. The lunch special you can't beat the price, it comes with a salad, wontons and any entree for only 8.95! My grandma always orders their pad Thai and she can't get enough. Friendly service and great food. :)
4 This place is awesome! Delicious food. Great service. But the price has increased quite a lot over the last few years I have been here. It's my to go place when I want good food without having to think too hard.
4 - Fried Rice = I felt like it could have had more spices and it could have been less dry to be a 5/5.- Mango sticky rice = I like that its not that sweet. I wouldn't mind buying this again. 4/5
4 Taste so weird, really bad service.The server even take my order wrong.I wont come back to this place again.Waste money & time.Try to avoid this place.
4.5 This is my third time coming here with my friend. I gotta say the food is delicious!  The chicken coconut soup is so good. It's never over crowded, the sticky rice is also very good. I will definitely keep coming here.
4 We ordered tofu pad see ew and mango sticky rice. The mango sticky rice was very tasty and the pad see ew was good, large quantity but a little too sweet for my liking. Pad see ew should be a savory dish in my opinion. I had to cut the sweetness with a chili sauce.
4.5 Came here after seeing so many good reviews.  Big mistake... Not going to trust them yelpers anymore.  Wasted money and didn't enjoy the meal at all.  We ordered the Tom Yum Seafood, On Choi, Satay Chicken/Beef mixed skewers and Deep Fried Talapia.  Talapia was okay, it was frozen fish that's why you get the whole fish deep fried.  Their sauce was good for the talapia.  Tom Yum Seafood was horrible waste of money.  For almost $18, you get 2 mussels, 4 shrimps, 4 scallops, whole bunch of inedible octopus pieces?  I thought the picture shows more mussels and shrimps?  Fake picture on menu.  Ask for medium spicy and that crap tasted sour like a lemon without any spiciness.  What a joke.  On Choi is like eating old grass.  Satay chicken was okay if you put the sauce on.  The beef tasted little sour.  Must use sauce to mask the sourness.  I bet the beef might be spoiled.  It's hard to chew.  Feels almost like rubber.  Have to cut it to tiny pieces so it can be eaten.  Ouch.  My poor tummy.  Had to suffer this.  For the price, this ain't worth it.  Had better Thai food elsewhere.  Service was average.  The best part is no wait in restaurant and I can find parking easily.
4.3 Food ok. Services  was extremely bad. Owner was serving us and the giving us Attitude! The fire hotpot almost burn my eyelash without any Apology!
3 Yum Stuff! I love the curries.  Both red and green   They are accommodating when I requested the patio.  I loved the fresh air and weather with the delish food.  They checked us often and made sure we had full beverages.  Very nice dining experience indeed
4 HOLY COW!! THiS WAS HELLLA GOOD!! I was hangry yesterday and needed food ASAP!  So I Yelped it takeout. The pictures looked good , but you know... pics are  not always accurate. It was easy to find, drive past it and park around back. I walked in and it was ready! in UNDER 15 minutes!! (Which means more people need to be eating here so ORDER UP!!)The place is beautiful, too bad we cant eat there now. But wait I digress... the food. The bag was heavy. like 50 lbs. ( ok maybe 4 lbs)I called my husband and told him to be ready to open the door and GET THE DAM TABLE READY!! I drove home like speedy  Gonzalez cuz I needed the calamari and soft shell crab HOT... HOTTTT!!!!The car smelled so good, I almost pulled over but I was strong. So strong. I was sooo strong. I finally made it. My husband had the table ready and I was ready. I pulled out the first dish... Calamari.  OMG YESSS Then the egg rolls. HOLY HELLL YES!!!!Then I opened the soft shell crab. As I bit into it the crunch sent my taste buds into convulsions... vibrating from the explosion of deliciousness. I almost died and went to heaven. So HELLA YESSSS!Then the Basil beef... OH MAH GAWD!! HOT FIRE!! No really.. it was so damn spicy my hubbys head was sweating! HELLA YUMMMMtheThen as the food coma almost hit I pulled out the orange chicken. Now I was expecting small pieces. BUT.. the pieces were nice and big. I even think there was dark meat in it! It was amazing, Next time I will ask for less sauce but my hubby loved it. So, over all. I guess.. I FREAKING LOVED IT. Would I order from there again? HELL YES!BUT.. and there is a but, They did not include rice. What NO RICE??? Mind you, there was enough food, but rice is vital when eating spicy food!So in a nut, ORDER FROM THERE NOW!! Because there will there will be hundreds if not thousands of people mourning if they close. WE NEED THEM!!!Sorry no pics, I was too hungry and ate my phone on my way home.
3 my husband order today and they delivered a wrong item. fried rice was wrong one. and then we order this item omg super salty! pork are not fresh hard as a rock when you eat it. very very disappointed with our order.
4 Very good food ! my favorite thing is everything spicy noodles with beef , fried rice with pineapple is very good my son loves it and our all time fave's  mango and sticky rice the best loves this place
5 A+++This is a big place and it was a nice surprise to come in at an off time. Our server seated is quickly and had perfect timing. He gave us enough time to pick our food and knew when to come check on us.  It was really slow in the beginning but, started picking up as we were finishing up our meal. && OH THE MEAL! Spring Rolls- Fried. It was filling and delicious, although to be honest, I think the sweet sauce is what really made it delicious. Pad Thai one Chicken & one Beef- It was all amazing. This is by far the best Pad Thai I've had. Tasty, flavorful, juicy, and a huge portion of Pad Thai. Thai Iced Tea with Boba - OH SO GOOD and perfectly made tapioca Thai Iced Coffee - Strong and sweet! Black Bean Rice Pudding- It was my first time ever tasting something like this but, I was pleasantly surprised! It's sweet, not the overloading sweet, just a happy sweet.
1 All i'm saying is YUM YUM YUM!!!!The pad thai awsome, spicy noodle delicious and fast delivery.
4 My family And i love  coming and they deliver. best Thai food in my neibour. Thank you...
4 The irony; The Thai restaurant menu is translated in Chinese. Haha I guess you cater to the neighborhood.  I came here and ordered the BBQ Pork with Egg Noodles and Wonton.  It's not my typical Thai dish I would get, but what the heck.  The dish itself was okay.  The pork was cooked Asian style so it was good.  Not a dish I'm too crazy over, but still  not bad.  I also tried the Fish Curry which I loved, but because I love curry. Hhaha.  They also serve red bean pudding for dessert!There's a minimum of $15 if you're using your card!
4 The food is delicious! Thai food is one of my favorites ! Which means I'm always choosing Thai restaurants wherever I am. I can easily tell the difference when a cook really puts effort with each dish. And each time when I went she/he did well! :) Thanks. I dined here two times. The green curry with tofu was delicious. Super flavorful. You get a good amount of bell peppers, eggplant, and your protein. The curry was creamy and tasty. The second time I ordered the red curry (yea I love curry) w chicken. It was good too. The curry had a good consistency. Nice and rich in flavor. The price was good. I ordered from the lunch special. I believe It ranged from $7-9. It also came w your choice of soup or salad, and wontons. They also have brown rice for I believe a $1 more. The service was great when I came in. Attentive and caring servers. The parking isn't bad, however I went on a weekday. Plenty of parking in the lower parking garage. Definitely recommend! ;)
5 I used to love coming here as a little kid, but my most recent visit left me pretty disappointed. Customer service was questionable. I came in with my family before dinner rush on a weekday, and we were seated at a cramped table around the corner, facing Atlantic. There were plenty of seats available, and since it was hard to flag a waiter down from where we were sitting, we requested to move tables. They moved us to the table in front of us... We ordered 4 items, and the last one hasn't arrived even though we've pretty much finished the rest of our food. We told the waiter if the chefs haven't started making our last order, we could just cancel it as we were full enough. He went in for 10 minutes and came back with our order, which gives me the impression they just made it on the spot and made us take it.The chicken coconut soup was probably one of the better things we ordered. It was rich and creamy, with just a bit of kick from the seasoning to keep it from being too bland. I'm usually a fan of green curry, but this one was a bit too run down, and watery. The meat was also quite tough. I don't quite remember the name, but I ordered a garlic chicken vermicelli pot and that was the biggest letdown of our visit. It was pretty expensive, considering there's shrimp, but the shrimp wasn't fresh at all, and the meat was super tough, almost to the point where it hurt our jaws to chew it so much. The entire pot was super oily, yet the flavor was still lacking. This is quite a step down from what I remembered Thai Paradise to be.
4 This place is cool just never order from them on an app, they have cancelled on me 4 times now last minute
4.3 service is nice, food is good, plenty parking! i think i found my new thai spot! pad thai was bomb, and i got chicken panang curry. they can do without all the peas though :( i didn't know it came with it or i'd ask for them to leave it out because it looks like they drop it in there after cooking. we also had the tom ka kai soup. the coconut soup with chicken. the coconut or curry? wasn't too overpowering and it was just the right amount. the end of your meal they give you this black rice pudding thing & that just sealed the deal! it was so yummy!
4.3 Thai Paradise has been one of my favorite places for over 11 years. I since moved out of the area and don't go there as often. Today, I decided to take the drive and have dinner.  I was really disappointed with the quality of food we were served. The paradise fried rice was not fully cooked (some of the grains were hard).  The paradise beef didn't seem like a full serving.  Prices seemed to have gone up and  to top it off the food was cold. Truly dissapointed!
4.5 Vegan or not, try out these tasty mixed vegetables! The seasoning is just Perfect and the tofu is delicious. Used to go to Thai casa but they got sloppy with their food so I found Thai paradise and it's true, when you eat their food you feel like your in paradise!
4 Thai Paradise was my first taste of Thai food and I think it gave an unfair advantage to all the other thai places - whoops! Hands down, thai paradise as the best thai food around and I always end up coming to this place after other places have failed me repeatedly.Environment - this restaurant always looks so beautiful and clean. There are always so many tables to seat customers at that there's never really a long wait to sit down. The décor is beautiful and has pretty gold accents to certain things. Overall, it's very clean and I feel fine eating here.Service - everyone is so nice! I went last night on a weekend and honestly, servers kept asking whether or not I needed more water or not... with a smile! How lovely is that!? Anyways, everyone is very patient! I had sat down by myself at a table of 4 while my friends were still arriving.. they were kind and served me my drink. I have no complaints with their service; everyone is so nice :) Food - When I try a new thai place, I always get their pad thai first because obviously, if a Thai restaurant cannot get their pad thai right, then what good would the other dishes be?! Anyways, I've had their pad thai, pad see ew, thai basil with beef, tom yum... ALL OF THEM ARE GOOD!I usually review dishes I have tried on my most recent visit... but i'll do it differently this time. This is what I would recommend:- If this is your first time coming to Thai Paraidse, by all means, get their pad thai, pad see ew, tom yum soup and of course, thai tea. You cannot go wrong with these popular dishes and I'm sure you'll be hooked for a second visit after it.- If this is not first time, or you're a bit more adventurous, get either the beef salad, tom yum noodle soup, duck noodle soup, and any of their curries or anything with tofu and anything with basil... basically, everything on their menu is delicious! Oh yeah, can't miss the mango sticky rice!Anyways, I am in love with Thai Paradise. If you're craving Thai food in the SGV area, stop by here!
3.5 Always one of my favorite spots for Thai place is always clean and the friendliest waiters: ) Food is cooked when you order so its delicious.
4.5 First timers here and the food and service is great!Our party of 7 ordered 2 panang curries, beef larb, pad Thai, tom ka Kai, and duck noodles. The tom ka is soooo good!!!The environment is nice too. The window borders are fancy and table cloths match. The place is cool because they have three TVs (from where I was sitting) too. The best part of our dinner was our server Sergius. He is very personable, funny and related to us. He explained the flavors and levels of spiciness that were easy to understand. Like: on a level of 1-5, 5 being "tsss" 4 being a bit "itchy" lol.
4.5 Purchased the yellow chicken curry today and I was upset that they charged $3.00 for a small serving of steamed rice. Considering they charged $13.95 for the curry chicken. The rice should be included. They should have told the customer that there is a separate charge for rice.  Ridiculousy over priced. I would give a rating of less than one star if I could.
4 Take out/delivery order:The Thai tofu salad was so good and so large. I couldn't finished it. Delivered to hair salon, within minutes of placing order. The peanut sauce and oil was served on the side. Cucumbers, onions, crispy wonton's, tofu, carrot's, tomatos. Iceberg lettuce and red bell peppers. Super filling & large portion salad.Not sure the cost, BC stylist got me it for lunch. Thanks Susan @ Artistic hair Salon.My go-to :) Healthy lunch, guilt free.
4 Good Thai. Free delivery. I ordered lunch while I was doing my hair @ the salon & it was a good portion salad. Best part was the peanut dressing. I ordered Thai Salad & yes it was good! Totally will do this again.
4 Great food. Awesome eSpicy eggplant tofu. The best I've had in a while. The tofu was crispy enough and didn't get soggy with the sauce. 10/10 recommend!
4 This place is always great. People seem very friendly, and food is always delivered safely. This restaurant is one of the only ones that care about how food is safe for there customers. Excellent job. Thank you
4.5 Good food and great for lunch. I order the Thai paradise beef. The meat was very tender and was full of flavor. You can eat it with the green sauce they give you or by itself.  The sauce is a lime a bit of chili flavor with garlic take to it to deep your meat in. This is one of my favorite food.
4.5 My favorite thai restaurant in SoCal! Make sure to order the following: Pad-See-Eww noodles with chicken Thai Pork Jerky Chicken Larb Salad Order these 3 items and I promise you this will be your Thai spot too.........
4.3 I've been going to Thai Paradise for over 5 years now and it's just as good as when I first went there with my parents. The quality of food is never subpar and the taste of everything is amazing. The sizing of portions is large, so if you're alone and don't want to have to bring home left overs, I recommend not ordering more than one dish. HOWEVER, if you're like my family and you have a group of people the sizes are great for family style eating (sharing each dish among the table). The atmosphere of the restaurant is tranquil and they always have light music playing in the background (one of my mom's favorite things about the restaurant since they are songs that she loves). The restaurant also gives out a small, complimentary Thai dessert per person at the table, which is delicious and a great way to end the meal. In regards to customer service, my family and I have never had a problem. The workers are always very attentive and they also recognize my family when we come in. They always check up on the table and ensure that things are being served in a timely manner. They're also very friendly and welcoming in general. Honestly, it's a great place to eat... I can't say enough about it.
5 Everything we ordered was delicious.  The fish cakes were nice and crispy, coconut soup was perfectly warm and not too spicy.  The fried rice and noodles were so good. And the fried ice cream was perfect. You get complimentary dessert which is also very tasty. There's plenty of room for large crowds or a table for just two and the music is not too loud
4 Ordered uber eats but they canceled it because they said they only deliver within 3 miles. We were 4.5 miles out. Annoying that they did that... food was OK nothing spectacular.
5 The food here was so good, and service was great despite it being a busy Saturday evening during dinner rush. Definitely recommend their papaya salad, pad thai, and spicy fried rice! Also, I ordered the fried bananas for dessert, and they completely floored me. Will be back for sure.
5 Predictably average Thai food with good portions and reasonable prices. The lunch specials are especially good here, since they offer it everyday (includes weekends) from 11-3pm. The lunch special is a perfect portion for one person where you'll be full and not have to deal with leftovers.Lunch specials:- Pad thai ($6.95)- decent, but not enough fish sauce and tamarind- Pad see ew ($7.95)- good, tastes just like Chinese stir-fried flat noodles (he fen)- Garlic and pepper shrimp and scallop ($7.95)- good portion of shrimp, lots of garlic and pepper so good flavor- Green curry ($6.95)- Spicy chicken ($5.95)- ground chicken, like larb, pretty good with rice- Pineapple fried rice ($6.95)- always find this dish to be bland, but it has raisins, cashews, and pineapples- Lunch specials come with a salad with some sweet mayo dressing (think honey mustard), fried wonton (not a fan), and riceThey take credit card.
5 I did a phone order and it was a to go pick up order. I ordered pad thai that did not come with bean sprouts or a lime! To me, it tasted really salty when I saw a prior review that their pad thai tasted too sweet. My partner ordered chinese broccoli & crispy pork that was also too salty where the meat was too dry. We think it was just pork skin which sucks because this was more expensive than my bulky pad thai that i couldn't finish, not because of portion size. But for the reason: my pad thai was not delicious enough.I was excited for the food because the interior is nice and looked clean, but the food did not live up to its standard! I'm sure their free thai tea offer gave them their current (undeserved) rating.
5 Andy is my favorite server there!!! Always attentive and making sure we are satisfied with our meal. As soon as I walked in yesterday night, he welcomed us and sat us right away. Food was delicious as usual :) It's always nice to be greeted with a smile and make sure your customers are enjoying their meal :)
5 3.8 stars I'm a fan :)My boyfriend and I were a bit hungry and were going to go grocery shopping for the 'Taco Night' I was having at my house that day so we decided to go eat.  Since I live in Monterey Park, we usually go to one of those Asian cafes but I think it is official.  I think I am FINALLY tired of Asian cafe... I saw the banner that said Lunch Special $5.99 while my boyfriend was pulling into 99 Ranch and was like let's eat there!  So, we decided to eat before we shop for groceries.  The place had a/c on and we were greeted by the people inside.  We were looking at the lunch specials and he decided on the Pepper Beef.  Nothing on the lunch menu really appealed to me so I decide to check out the regular menu.  I wasn't actually that hungry but I knew if I didn't eat then, I would be starving while I was preparing for dinner since I woke up late and didn't eat breakfast.  I decided to check out the salads and I usually get Beef Salads at Thai places but there was a salad that caught my eye: Naked Shrimp Salad.  It was raw shrimp with cilantro, cabbage, and lime.  That sounded pretty good so I ordered it.  Surprisingly, his Pepper Steak came out before my Naked Shrimp salad.  He said that the description said it was only green peppers and beef but it had the red bell peppers, pineapples, and other 'shit'.  He said it was okay.  Finally, my Naked Shrimp came!  There was a lot of shrimp AND they were raw!  Nice!  I said I wanted medium spicy but it was pretty spicy still.  It was good though.  Really good.  The shrimp was soaked in salt or maybe covered in salt for a while...  I think maybe they did that to kinda 'cure' it or kill any bacteria since it was raw.  The sauce was really flavorful.  Man, that salad was good.  I think that will be my new favorite summer/hot day dish.  Anyways, it was spicy though, I drank 3 cups of water and my nose was a bit runny from the spiciness but it was so good that I kept eating.  My boyfriend said that my dish was good too :)Anyways, I will probably come again.  If you're hungry for some thai and you close to this place, try the Naked Shrimp Salad (if you don't mind raw, that is)!  The Naked Shrimp Salad is "da bomb"!
4 I really enjoy coming here for lunch with my coworkers. The provide great customer service and they are clean. I love their tom yum noodles. The soup is light and full of coconut flavor and the noodles are the perfect texture. I would definitely recommend this place! Mmm
5 Fast service, great tasting food, and a free drink for Yelp check! Plus rice is included vs Thai house Express (one on ELAC side) charges for rice  a pretty penny. Thank you Thai Paradise!
5 Fast service, great tasting food, and a free drink for Yelp check! Plus rice is included vs Thai house Express (one on ELAC side) charges for rice  a pretty penny.
4.3 First time here, and won't be the last. We ordered the following satay beef & chicken, orange flavor chicken, pad Thai, and pineapple fried rice. Skip the chicken satay and get the beef. The beef is tender and juicy. Orange chicken is not a must, pad Thai is delicious. Along with the beef satay you should def try the pineapple fried rice. It was by far my favorite dish. Just a great mix of flavors, curry, pineapple, chicken, and cashews. Very generous amount of food, great service, no complaints.
4.2 Food was great. Big portions. We ordered wontons, yellow curry rice with chicken, and tofu pad Thai. Server was very friendly. Outdoor patio seating only, which I enjoyed. Their COVID procedures include: hand sanitizer to look over the menu, disposable plates and silverware. Definitely enjoyed our dinner here.
4.5 I will never order from here again!!!1. They put an extra order in my take out, called me when I was down the street, told me to pull over so that they can come and get it from me. I pulled over, told them to go down Atlantic, right on Hellman. Waited 15 minutes. No show.2. The food was very bland. We ordered the yellow curry and pad Thai. And the extra item, in which they kept calling me but never showed for, was some noodle and pork salad thing. That was also flavorless, but very spicy.3. I ate around 6pm. Had a terrible stomach ache all night and til the next day, which required me to visit the bathroom several times.4. The only pro was, the portion size. That's it!Go eat somewhere else. The fact that they wanted to retrieve the food that they had put in my bag by accident, and wanted it back, makes all their food very questionable, on top of my stomach ache.
4 I like the food so much!! Service is perfect!!!Everyone enjoyed hot Tom yum goong nookdles
3.5 I like the food so much!! Service is perfect!!!Everyone enjoyed hot Tom yum goong nookdles
4.5 Okay, so I have never actually eaten in here, I have only picked up my orders. It is a cute thai place, and I love that it is so close to other spots that have good desserts. I usually get spicy thai fried rice with beef at most thai spots, sometimes a curry or a pad see ew. The thing that I appreciate most about Thai Paradise is their level of spice. I love spicy, and most of the time when I order dishes thai hot, the servers don't take it seriously, but Thai Paradise can deliver the spicy level. The food is pretty good, meets my spicy standards, the price is comparable to other thai spots, and the staff are friendly. Great place to go for a quick takeout dinner.
4.5 Dont eat here !!! Beware My husband was eating orange chicken and was chewing and felt something werid while chewing and he spits it out and found this . Its metal !!! How can the person who cooks not see this!!!??? . Are they blind in the kitchen???? First time & last time !!! I DONT RECOMMENDTHIS PLACE, when we ask the waitress what is this to let her know the issue she said a metal scrub from what they wash their pots !!! Whoaaa
4 I have been coming to this place for 4 years now and this place never disappoints. The staff is super nice and are incredibly patient. The food is absolutely delicious and is always on point. I come here frequently and I've never ordered anything that came out bad. If you're craving Thai food definitely come here, you won't be disappointed!
4 I'd have to say on this visit I enjoyed the food. My curry chicken was pretty yummy and the skewers tasted pretty good as well. The Pad See Eww was okay, nothing too special there. The place was pretty dead when we arrived and was dead when we left so not sure why but on a previous occasion I wasn't thrilled with what we got so maybe this day we went we not only got good service we also got good food.
4 Panang Curry! So good! Actually spicy. I got 8/10 spicy and it was what other restaurants would call "Thai Hot"... I'm sure 10/10 spicy would be excellent as well. More than that, the Panang Curry was soooo tasty. Fast friendly service. A+
4.5 Food is mediocre. Service is hit or miss. I came in today they want to put me right next to a group of another customers. The table if combined with a low divider in the middle. I do not feel comfortable sitting next to A group of people during pandemic. I know what you might be think. If you are concerned about Covid, then don't come out and eat. I want to live a life but manage my risks. I told the waitor my concern, he said that everyone will get Covid eventually. He should not talk to a customer like this.  There are other tables that are a bit farther. I requested to sit there, but they did not want me to sit there because it's for a bigger party. So I requested to sit outside, The waiter said the table was not cleaned and it was gonna rain. I'm completely OK with what they said, because it all makes sense to me. But I am not happy with the waiters attitude.  He is not friendly at all. He asked me three times if I wanted to drink, I said no. He seemed very disappointed that I did not order more. When he brought the food, I thanked him, he did not even say anything. Bad attitude. Even though I don't order much, I am a generous tipper. So I will just tip the minimum.
4 Consistent quality, food and service. We've only eaten in the restaurant omce and due to covid19 have been eating more takeout. Delivery is always early, quick and fast service.Pad thai. Pad see ew, drunken noodles, tom yum, stuffed chicken wings, fried rices all 5 stars.
4.5 Average... no real complaints other than very little duck in my curry duck.Crab fried rice was alright. I would return..
4.4 Can always depend on Thai Paradise for quality food! The Pad See Ew is my favorite, and love the complimentary egg rolls
5 Came by on a weekday for their lunch special (great deal). Popular location (a few doors down from half and half) with private parking lot, gorgeous decor, friendly service. We tried the pad kee mao and a (I s'pose forgettable) spicy basil chicken with brown rice. The brown rice was really wet and mushy and definitely not worth the extra charge. I did like that you can rate your spiciness and the pad kee mao was tasty - good spot to go with co-workers, for a date
3 Arrived today at Thai Paradise for lunch with my family. I proceeded to inform the staff the need for wheel chair accommodations and without hesitation they sat us at a very convenient table. Food was delicious and service was very good. Lunch prices are affordable. Thai tea  and tom yum soup are my favorite items and will continue to order at this place. Definitely recommend!
2 Arrived today at Thai Paradise for lunch with my famiy. I proceeded to inform the staff the need for wheel chair accommodations and without hesitation they sat us at a very convenient table. Food was delicious and service was very good. Lunch prices are very affordable. Thai tea  and tom yum soup are my favorite items and will continue to order at this place. Definitely recommend!
4 Came here on a whim after struggling to figure out a place where both a vegan and keto person could eat. Pad Thai wasn't on the lunch special menu (but was still relatively cheaper than the curry I ended up with) so I ended up choosing the healthier option and went for a tofu curry. Brown rice costs $1 extra. Overall flavor was amazing, didn't taste like MSG-galore which was pleasant considering all the other restaurants around use MSG like there's no tomorrow. The wonton has some sort of meat in it, so watch out. My keto friend enjoyed the satay chicken and beef dish. He said he prefers the chicken over the beef, though! At the end, they also give you a nice little serving of dessert that has black rice and corn in it. Total with tax and tip came out to about $27, not too bad for Thai food!
5 I've been to this place for a few times, they never fall to satisfy. Great Thai place in Monterey Park. Pros:- Excellent service, very prompt and professional- Pineapple fried rice was ON FLEEK- Spacious restaurant with plenty seats but they never seem to be full - Whole coconut is always a plus Cons:- The parking behind it isn't designed very well
5 This is my favorite Thai food restaurant. The costumer service is great! Everyone is so welcoming and friendly. As for the food, I love the yellow curry with chicken and the tempura. Soups are good too! Oh, and their Thai tea is very yummy as well! Thank you for your great service and delicious food!!!
5 So far the best Thai restaurant in the area!We always  come here for lunch during workdays and with their fast service -- we still manage to get back to work on time! This is the only place we go for Thai food when in Monterey Park Area!From their Pad Thai to their Garlic Chicken ( first time we had this one: awesome!!!!) to their assortment of seafood dishes --- what can go wrong???Ed the server usually accommodates us with really exceptional service.  He acknowledges people who are loyal to them but I'm sure he treats new customers with good customer service.They have a wide range of dishes -- I wish I could pronounce most of them but you really have to check their menu and you won't get disappointed! It's always a good dining experience for me!  Oh-- don't forget to try their desserts especially the sticky rice with mango!
4 The customer service was great. We got loads of attention. We got seated right away and we had our orders taken after given enough time to look over the menu. I ordered the green curry. The spicy was good but I was disappointed that it did not come with rice. The order of rice was $1 extra, but how can you eat curry without  rice? If it wasn't for that, it would get 5 stars! We had a free dessert given to us at the end, too.
3 Had this delivered through Postmates.... Ordered chicken pad Thai and chicken wontons. Prices seemed fair, food was great, portions were large. Will definitely order again.
5 = PURPLE RESTAURANT ON ATLANTIC =Restaurant is located conveniently on the south side of MARS PLAZA on Atlantic (near Garvey Avenue).  It have a purple exterior and is located next to Half & Half Boba.  Parking is free, but it is difficult to find parking in this plaza if you are visiting during the weekends.  It's always chaos in this plaza as it is flooded with people that don't know how to drive.Ordered the following from THAI PARADISE:- Tom Kha Gai: (Coconut Chicken Soup) My favorite Thai dish, but I wish they put more chicken in it.- Yum Nuea: Thai Beef Salad - It was okay.- Pad Thai: Average- Satay Beef: Overcooked.  Too dry- Satay Chicken: This was betterVERDICT:- Service was good- Food was okay but nothing noteworthy- More expensive than nearby Thai restaurant- Will not be my top pick for future Thai cravings
3.6 Thai tea is okay. Little bit too much sugar that u can taste. Pad Thai with seafood looks pretty tasty, however it's not that good after u try it. Perhaps u can make better one at home by yourself lol The pineapple fried rice tastes okay. Probably won't go next time haha
3.6 We get a free Thai iced tea with this review. Make sure you are aware of this! It artificially inflates the review since you are forced to review before you get your drink.Decor is nice but food is really just average. Not bad but just average. If you are paying for good food in SGV you need to offer more than just average. There are much better places to go for your money
4.5 Service : friendly and fastTaste : okayPrice : a bit high,  but affordableCleanliness :  okayAtmosphere :  nice decoration with Thai artifacts.  No Thai music. I also noticed the wait staffs speak another language, but that's okay.Wil return :  YES
4 The environment is very nice and I like how they have TVs here. Only reason I give 4 stars is because I had to wait a very long time for seats. This restaurant was also in a convenient location so I come whenever I crave Thai food!
3.5 I was surprised that they charged me an extra dollar for every single item. Thats a 20% plus over charge after tax. I wouldnt suggest coming over there. I dont like unethical business practice like this. They said its old menu, well then dont put it out. Thats false advertisement.
4.5 Spicy chicken basil fried rice: Ordered the spicy chicken basil fried rice and found myself questioning the flavor. The dish came out piping hot and presentation was average. However, the more bites I consumed, I realized that the only flavors I could taste was chicken, rice, and a bit of soy sauce. It was bland and not representative of what fried rice should taste like. Improvements can be made in this area by working on seasoning. Tofu Pad See Ew: Filled with FLAVOR (my favorite word). The noodles had a sweet soy sauce base that encapsulates what pad see ew's should taste like. The tofu was firm and complemented the dish. The amount of greens, noodles, and tofu had a balanced ratio and there wasn't too much of anything. Not the best, but also not the worst. Would recommend noodle dishes over rice! Thai Tea: Great. Amazing. Not too sweet, not too watery, and perfect amount to complement my meal. Free refills for water. Free parking. Decent prices. Attentive service.
4.5 Ordered takeout for 4 of us in my office, was promised 12:20pm pick up but ended up getting our food at 12:45pm. The take out order menu offers quite a good variety of lunch special with a choice of salad or soup. When I asked for a soup instead of salad for one of my colleague's order, the gal working there yelled "NO, only salad". RUDE! She brought the bag of food and turned around without a simple thank you. Very ungracious for Thai people!! In the online menu they have an auto function to add % tips on your tab. I am happy that I didnt tip them since the customer service was really nothing but bad. Food was ok though, definitely NOT WOW.
4 Great thai food for a decent price. I love the food here. Ordered the crab fried rice and got tons of fresh crab on it, more than most Thai restaurants. Also got the huge tom yum soup in a hot pot for only $8.95 that could feed about 4 people. The green curry was good. The fish cake and bamboo basil was ok and the bamboo were slightly uncooked.But overall, great place for Thai food.
4 My mom and I were starving one evening and since neither of us wanted to cook we decided to go out for Thai food. The shrimp paradise was super crunch and satisfying. We ordered the massaman beef curry and chicken pad thai. Im not sure if it's because I was starving, but both dishes were cooked very well and tasted delicious. I've tried these dishes at many other thai restaurants and don't remember enjoying it this much.  Great place to go if you have a thai food craving!The only downside is I think the prices are a little on the expensive side for thai dishes. Free parking can be found in garage in the back of the restaurant.
4 I have ordered take out 2 day in a row and both days got fast service and awesome food. Delivery through yelp with grub-hub was fast , no longer than 35-40 min each time and received hot foods each time unlike other deliveries i've had. I ordered , pad see ew with beef spicy , spring rolls and the beef salad spicy , i recommend all of these dishes ! Thank you!
4 Lunch special from 11am to 3pm includes soup or salad, fried wonton and steamed riceGet one free drink when you rate on Yelp
4.5 Lunch special from 11am to 3pm comes with soup, fried wonton, steamed rice, and a drink. Great deal!
4.4 Came back again for lunch to see if their lunch special still available, and it is! I usually need to try a place twice to see if I like it, and I am happy to say it is =)
3.6 Nice interior, friendly service, and the food is great. Near the heart of Monterey Park, across from the theatre. Very convenient if you are looking for dinner and a movie type of thing. They have lunch specials too.
4 I love this place! When my coworker and I go out of town for our conference each year, we eat here first. Their food is always fresh and full of flavor. Spices are just right. Service is quick and servers are friendly. The spicy catfish is good. I enjoyed the shrimp with glass noodles too. Veggies were crunchy and cooked perfectly. I love the Thai iced tea and unique bean dessert that is served after dinner too.
5 I definitely am glad I tried Thai Palace! All the food that I ordered tasted amazing. I ordered everything for take out (food for the week...no time to meal prep!) but stayed a while to taste test everything:Yellow curryPad ThaiThai Paradise Fried RiceGround chicken with soft tofu Great portions, great taste, and attentive staff. My favorite was the Ground Chicken with soft tofu. I also liked the decor and the natural light.My total bill came out to $55.63. About the same I would have spent for groceries for the week.They gave me complimentary dessert and even boxed all of my food for me. Will I come back? Absolutely!
5 Super great service. After a long day of work, i am very hungry. Our waiter was nice and offered recommendations which were very tasty. Free drink like thai tea or soda is offered with rate review. overall nice location.
5 I haven't been at this place for a couple years and the service and food seemed to have improved. Good job, Thai Paradise. We ordered papaya salad, chicken satay, thai iced tea, and mango sticky rice. All was good!
5 This is the best Thai food place in the area. The food is usually good except every now and then when you get the fill in chef because the main chef is off or sick. When you get the fill in chef the food sucks. And their service is almost always horrendous. Especially the little lady that works the front. I joke with the other manager that she's a little communist dictator... All in all this place can be good. I recommend the weekends if you wanna get the good chef. And to avoid the bad service we typically just get our order to go....
3 Time to find another go to Thai place.It looks like they have switched management and cooks. The past few times we have been here the service and food quality and taste has just been going south. This past Sunday was the last straw. My wife and I ordered our standard Pad See Ew and Mussamun Curry. The Pad See Ew was soo sweet that it was inedible. I know they put a little sugar in it usually to add some sweetness but this time they added a cup instead of a pinch. And the curry was like water. It was not flavorful like it was supposed to be and the potatoes in the dish were raw. I called to speak with the manager and ask to have the dishes remade and he said no. I tried to explain to him that we have been coming here for years and the past several orders have been off but this one was inedible and he just said "we will do better next time..". NEXT TIME??!!! Are you kidding me! There will be NO next time...
5 My wife and I come here about once a week. We moved to this area a little over 3 years ago and found this place to be the best Thai place around. They are a little higher priced than other Thai places. Also be aware of the spice level you request. A 3 here is considered medium and that's what we normally get and its pretty hot and we like spice. So unless you are die hard you probably don't want to go much higher. The noodle dishes ( pad Thai, pad see Ew, ect... ) I don't suggest getting to go, because the noodles typically keep cooking and end up mushy. Also if you go for beef in the noodles and or the curry it typically comes out overcooked. You have to specifically ask them to cook the meat lightly. The staff are usually very helpful and friendly. So all in all this is a nice neighborhood Thai food spot.
4 I think this place is overpriced for the way it tastes.  There's nothing about it that tastes absolutely special.  I ordered the pad thai, and there was a strong taste and scent of ketchup.  The noodles were also all stuck together, meaning that it was dry, which it was. Not worth it for $9.95.  If anything though, they do give you a decent portion of it.  We ordered take out, and the noodles were packed pretty tightly into the box.  They do have a lunch special starting from $6.99 though, so I'll have to try that if I ever come back.  Maybe it'll be more worth it then.
5 Best thai noodles/fried rice in los angeles area. I didn't think there was thai food this good outside of long beach but thai paradise and president thai are up there. If you don't get a noodle or rice and a pork jerky you are missing out if you haven't had it here before. Orange chicken/ chicken satay is okay but try the pad thai/ pork jerky I promise it won't disappoint. Make sure you're going to this location, there's another thai paradise nearby that i don't think they're affiliated with (different menu) that isn't that good.
5 I have been a regular customer for more than 7 years and this is one of my to go thai places in town. I highly recommend people to check it out when you're in the 626 area.
4.5 I have been a regulae customer for years and this is one of my to go thai place in the area
4 Tom yum soup with shrimp was very good! The service was quick and pleasant, I'd definitely eat here again!
4.5 This is one of the worst Thai restaurants I've ever been to. The food is a Chinese 'version' of Thai - and I should've known so, by the lack of Thai entrees on the lunch special menu. Most of the lunch entrees were Chinese. Whenever trying a new Thai restaurant, I order the yellow curry dish and sad to say, even this was terrible. I prefer Thai restaurants because the meat is usually savory. The chicken in this yellow curry was the watery, low quality meat usually found in second rate, fast food Chinese restaurants. Thai foodies should not be fooled by the high rating because this is not traditional Thai food and food will not meet your expectations.
4 Staff is always nice. Food is always delici-o-so! Yummy yummy!! Best Thai restaurant evaaaa !
3.5 My Honey and I came here for a late lunch! We ordered Beef Stew with noodles and BBQ Wonton and we also got a Free Thai Ice Tea and Black Sweet Rice with Coconut Milk! The service was very accommodating and friendly! The food was served quickly and hot! Everything was just right we plan on coming back soon!
4.5 Omg I love the food here. It's definitely full of flavor. the service is fast and friendly. Highly recommend the pad Thai!
4.5 Located nearby half n half tea. It's a pretty large restaurant with a lot of items on the menu. They have mostly Thai dishes with some mix of Chinese dishes as well. We got the green curry and pad see ew. The pad see ew had Chinese broccoli, not regular broccoli which was ok, the flavor was decent. The green curry was good, medium spicy wasn't too spicy. Great flavor. The service was good, fast and helpful. Parking is in the back, there was lots of parking though I know the lot can get crowded during peak times.
4 used the coupon from the city hall Newspaper of Monterey Park Worth alot, free delivery. highly recommend.
4 Great place to eat. Love their food and their service is exceptional. I would definitely recommend Thai Paradise to my family and friends. You can come here during lunch for their lunch special. They have a lot of choices that can make your lunch a special one.
4 Great place to eat. Love their food and their service is exceptional. I would definitely recommend Thai Paradise to my family and friends.
4.5 Great place to eat. Love their food and their service is exceptional. Their pork jerky is to die for.
4 Every freaking noodle I had was broken to the point I felt someone in the kitchen stomped on the bag. I asked the waitress about it and she ignored it and walked away... its not a horrible spot but you got so many better options in the area.
4.4 Yummy Thai! Love the Pad Thai noodles are tasty. Appetizer was Thai Pork Jerky and the dipping sauce. Salty with a slight sour end. Dessert was fried bananas. They were sweet and delicious!
3.6 very good foodcome agenHeikeng ( Fried shrimp roll) only $10.96fresh young coconut very very Fresh!!!!Caulif and snow pea with shrimp is my  favorite dish!
5 Food is very tasty and not as greasy as some other Thai places.  I have eaten their food a few times now, and the quality is consistent.  The flavor is authentic Thai.  Service is pretty fast for takeout.  This place is a good choice if you want the usual Thai dishes (pad thai, curry, angel wings, fried rice, larb).
4 My first time here - I had heard good things about this place. My friends and I stopped in because we were in the area. We ordered ong choy, red curry with pork, and pad thai with chicken.I felt the prices are a bit high. The Ong Choy with garlic was good. The Red curry was ok. I would have offered it to be a thicker consistency. The Pad Thai was a little too wet for my liking. Overall, I'd stop by again if I were in the area, but I wouldn't go out of my way to come here. I'd probably try some other dishes instead next time.
5 They were taking COVID precautions very seriously and doing an amazingly good job. Hand sanitizer as you walk in, clean/used pens for signing checks, wiped down the screens. Order ready in 10mins, delicious food! Great portion sizes too. Very kind people, easy to order over the phone!!
3 Took a date for her first time eating authentic Thai and was blown away (as was her)! We ate the crab fried rice and fish with lemon soup (pictured) - both dishes were delicious. In particular, Sergius, our server, was amazing! Very attentive, super nice and even flipped our fish over. Omg. 10/10 will definitely come and try more of their vast menu again.
3 The lunch special option is amazing with variety of options including their pad thai, thai paradise beef, and even cat fish with curry sauce. Service is good too.
2 Excellent service and food is good!! Glad that we found this place for Thai food. We ordered roasted duck curry and spicy basil with chicken. Both are delicious. The portion is big enough for both of us. And even pack the leftover for lunch tomorrow.
5 Came back today 4/8 and had a large party again. Service was better than last time and the food was better also. Papaya salad with salted black crab-goodBeef salad-goodAngel wings-eat with the sauce Deep fried ribs(no flavor , wouldn't order this again)Chicken / beef satay- averageRad-na-averagePad Thai-kids killed it againOng choy-better Po Tok soup-goodTom yum soup(fried garlic in it messed with the flavor)And some house dessert- Black sweet rice with coconut milk.
5 We orderedsteamed fish with lemon sauce-not bad but not enough garnishFried shrimp cake- meh ..I'd skip Grilled beef salad- I'd def skip-had a weird taste to it , iceberg on one side and the grilled beef with a greenish ,rice powdery look.Beef and chicken satay- chicken was good but beef was flankGlass noodle with shrimp - wasn't bad Spicy basil seafood - same as everywhere elseOng choy - leave this to the Chinese restaurantsTom yum seafood- clear .. flavor was a little off. Coconut ...I didn't try itCrab fried rice- would order this againPad Thai- kids killed itService isn't real great. Moms found a piece of hair and discreetly showed them to give them a heads up and he glared at her head , not trying to get a free meal guy , moms was just being nice to tell you. Asked for our soup fire to be lit since it went out fairly quickly and got scolded. Dad Asked for more hot water after finishing his meal and was told that there was water in the pot, uh ...by the end of a meal it's pretty cooled off. I came here about 4 years ago and it was more a 4 star. Lost a star today
5 Came here on a Friday night around 7:30 and service was quick! Food is great, but parking might be tough.Definitely recommend!
5 Came here to order to go for lunch today. They have a lunch special menu. My co worker ordered their red curry lunch special which comes with rice and fried wonton skin. I ordered their pork panang. Their regular entree orders don't come with rice so you have to order the rice separately. I love their panang. It's not too oily like other places I've been to. The sauce base is a good consistency. Some places may be too watery or too thick. You can taste the coconut milk which I love. The order is a good size, still have leftovers for tomorrow's lunch.
5 Spending "V"day with my lil girl. Yummy Noodle soup is yufor $9.95. Easy parking in private lot and street parking.
5 Spending "V"day with my lil girl. Yummy Noodle soup for $9.95. Easy parking in private lot and street parking.
5 My go to food craving. Noodle soup is yummy for $9.95. Easy parking in private lot and street parking.
5 My go to food craving. Noodle soup is yummy for $9.95. Easy parking in private lot and street parking
5 First time here and the restaurant is super nice and clean inside. The servers are nice and wear cute uniforms! I came during their lunch time between 11-3pm on a Saturday and got the lunch special! Chicken pad thai with soup (or salad), fried wonton & steamed rice for only $8.95. I stole some pad se'ew and thai chicken basil tofu from my sister and boyfriend. DELICIOUS!!!!2/10/18I have been here continuously since a few months back... all I can say is I can kiss pad thai Tuesday good bye because I can get pad thai EVERYDAY during the lunch special for the same price.
5 First time here and the restaurant is super nice and clean inside. The servers are nice and wear cute uniforms! I came during their lunch time between 11-3pm on a Saturday and got the lunch special! Chicken pad thai with soup (or salad), fried wonton & steamed rice for only $8.95. I stole some pad se'ew and thai chicken basil tofu from my sister and boyfriend. DELICIOUS!!!!
5 The menu is very extensive and you can find a variety of curries stir fry, noodles, rice, and dessert.  Chef specials include many seafood dishes.  Three flavor shrimp and scallops wow what is that? Sweet and sour fish (pompano or striped bass) there's too many different dishes to try.  Average 15-18 bucks per seafood dish.  Pad Thai or curry dishes range 10-12 bucks.  There's a placard on the table that says you get a free soda or Thai iced tea for reviewing them on Yelp.
4 They got lots of special dishes. Plenty of room and very fancy decorations. Service is attentive and they are very nice. Lots of parking in the back. Love it
4.5 Solid Thai place w/ good lunch specials 7 days a week. Lunch specials come with soup or salad and are reasonably priced. Parking is in a parking lot behind the restaurant and there are plenty of seats.
3.6 Been going here for the past decade and the service has always been great ! The bilingual staff made ordering much easier for my grandparents. Portion sizes are perfect for family sharing :)
4.5 I come here often with my family. We prefer this Thai restaurant for their quality, value, and great customer service. Their lunch menu is great compared to most places that rave about their special when all they do is reduce the amount of food so it makes no sense. I highly recommend coming high if you crave Thai food.
4 Excellent service! Love the atmosphere! Will definitely be back. I've been coming here for ages with my family. My uncle wanted to watch the Playoffs and the staff went out of their way to turn on the TV and find the channel for us. Green curry and yellow curry definitely my fave! Gai Lan with crispy pork also a favorite
3.5 My experience was positive (5/5). This place fulfill the three dimensions of quality, quantity, and price. I was surprised at how big the portions are, how affordable my bill, and my tummy was satisfied.The service was amazing. I came during slow hours, i.em when the wait staff was eating their lunch. When I asked for an extra spoon, one of the wait staff stopped eating and took a spoon for me. The waiter is friendly too. Thank you for the great meal and experience.
4.5 Whenever I crave Thai food, this is my go to place. This restaurant is very clean and they have exceptional customer service. All the staff are very friendly and attentive. They also service you fast which is a plus. Every plate I've tried from here is delicious. I love the pineapple fried rice and the spicy noodles. But my favorite thing of all is the complimentary black sticky rice at the end. I always look forward to eating this as it is a nice dessert to top off a delicious meal. I will be back and I recommend to anyone who loves Thai food.
4.5 I've been coming here since they first opened at this location. The food andService here is very consistent. Very delicious and amazing service. The desert that comes when you pay your bill is my favorite part. It's perfect after eating all the spicy dishes.
4 Ordered the tom yum soup and satay chicken, both are excellent and would come back! The satay chicken was a bit dry cause they use white meat and not dark meat. The tom yum hot pot soup came with a lot of shrimp. Worth the money. The service was great, they were very attentive.
4 Super fast service!! I ordered the pineapple fried rice and my bf ordered spicy noddles and both were bomb!! And really good price also. Def recommend
4 Good food and the portions are big. I liked their ribs and their fried bananas  If I'm hungry for something spicy I'd probably choose this place since their soups are pretty good too.
4.5 This is a good restaurant, I recommend this place. Great service and place feels authentic.
4 Food come out pretty fast. And they give you free drink (Thai tea, soda or Thai coffee) if you check in
4.4 Was walking on the street when we saw that they had the Liverpool vs Madrid game on and thought why not let's have some Thai! They have a decently sized lunch menu and I ended up getting the spicy catfish and pad Thai. I wasn't a big fan of the catfish but the pad Thai was amazing. My friend got the curry and it was decent from what he says
3.6 Thai Paradise has been my current go to place for Thai food in Monterey Park. Even call them for delivery if I'm too lazy too cook after work. If you dine in, they give you dessert for free. It's small, but hits the spot.I recommend any of the curries and the Thai Paradise beef.
5 Very very delicious food great service and the prices are very fair would highly recommend this place
5 I've been to Thai Paradise a couple of times. I always order the Pad Thai lunch special with chicken. The food seems pretty authentic and tastes great. I liked the complimentary red bean dessert they gave me after my meal but my friend did not like it very much. It may not be to everyone's taste. But it is a nice touch.I also placed a to-go order through Yelp. I came approximately 15 minutes after I ordered. The food was ready promptly and they did fill my special requests. Service is not bad.
5 They did a nice job with a $300 takeout I requested. The food arrived on time. Each dish was full of flavor. One tastes a passion for the recipes in each bite. There is no stock recipe . The different dishes were treated uniquely. I appreciated the time and devotion they take in the execution of their culinary heritage.
5 Really good pineapple fried rice. Honestly I did this for the free drink. Also tried the Tom Kah Goong Noodle. It was okay. I think we got too little spicy so it just tasted more coconut milky
4 Environment: Very well lit, clean place. Casual ambiance, with a normal volume. Friendly staff and tons of seating. Perfect for large or small parties. They even have kareoke!Food: Big portions! Flavorful but 10/10 is not Thai spicy. You can add spice yourself if need be. Very satisfied for my first visit. I will be back to try different dishes!
4 Been here before with my girlfriend, never disappointed us. Great food, great quality, great service. I always comeback for the moo ping with stickUpdate: came here for Mothers' day and we got seated right away, the service still 10/10 and the food always bomb.
4 Been here before with my girlfriend, never disappointed us. Great food, great quality, great service. I always comeback for the moo ping with sticky rice
4 This is one of my favorite Thai restaurants in Monterey Park. They have great lunch specials and very good Tom Yum.
4 One of the best Thai restaurants in MPK.
3 Best soup ever! Would come again!!! Great service! Ordered the pad se ew, shrimp and squid chi Che is very good! The staff is super nice, make sure to try their dessert and their wonton try their Thai tea. Cauliflower snow pea shrimp.
4.5 First time here. Nice clean place with a family environment, good seating layout. Promo drink with yelp review.Food:Coconut chicken soup was good not too sweet also has a lemon hint to it.Seafood pad Thai not to bad except you can smell the quality of seafood used "eh".Pad see ew I didn't have it but I scrapped some from my girlfriends plate noodles pretty good, need more consistency on flavor and juice.I will be back if in the area
4 I love this place! Very good ambiance - relaxing and comfy; and the food is amazing. Good portion, subtle taste. I've had multiple whole fish dishes here and they don't disappoint me. It's so much fun to work my way through the dishes.
4.5 Very expensive, two containers of coconut soup was $36. The place down the street gives you four for the same price and it's much better. Never again!
4 Visiting for the week decided to give it a try here's a honest review and not for a free drink...the Chicken larb was pretty tasty, and LOVED the spring rolls and one of the best Thai teas I've hadIn awhile but... NOT A FAN of the PAD THAI tho, not sure what sauce is in it but I have never had it like that. The overall experience was great and awesome service.
3.5 The food here seems to be catered to Chinese and Americans (which makes sense considering the location), but the staff are incredibly helpful and on point with everything--I see them constantly looking around and focused on making sure all their customers have what they need. Food-wise, however, is a bit lacking. Their spicy ranges on the milder end, but thankfully they have hot sauce and chilis to help with that. Food-wise, their bbq chicken is ridiculously soft and tender, and the papaya salad was refreshing and yummy. Their tom yum soup was a miss, as it was rather one dimensional and salty, rather than complex (perhaps an extra hint of spice?) My coworkers loved their big portions, but the ones with the beef lunch specials found theirs rather lacking and smaller in size. Their thai tea seems to be on the creamier side, but some may enjoy that as well (I didn't get to try it, but my coworkers liked it). Overall, this is an okay place for a working lunch if you work nearby, but I think I'd find somewhere a bit further for more authentic meals. Either that or I'll have to check out their a la carte/dinner items next time.
4.5 If you check in and rate Thai Paradise, you can between 3 drinks for free: Thai tea, Thai coffee, and soda (can). At night, there is a special noodles and rice dishes menu. They are quite consistent in flavor! I've never had a bad experience here and the service is pretty good!
4.5 If you check in and rate Thai Paradise, you can between 3 drinks for free: Thai tea, Thai coffee, and soda (can). They have lunch specials! From 11:00am to 3:00pm, you can order entrees which include soup or salad, fried wonton, and steamed rice. The lunch specials are really good bang for your buck.At night, there is a special noodles and rice dishes menu. They are quite consistent in flavor!
4 If you check in and rate Thai Paradise, you can between 3 drinks for free: Thai tea, Thai coffee, and soda (can). I've been here before and I've consistently ordered pad Thai and the soups (Tom yum and Tom goong). I really like their pad Thai and the soups are great when you're sick. They ask you about your spiciness level for curries and soups and it is on a scale from 1 to 10, with 3 being medium. I feel like 5 isn't too spicy, but I like spicy food, so be cautious.
4 This is one of my favorite Thai restaurant.   My wife and I enjoy the food very much including the hot pot and the pad Thai and the pineapple rice these our favorite dishes.   My wife and I took my mother-in-law including our family to the Thai Paradise for lunch on Mother day.   My family enjoy the food including my mother-in-law, she have a nice time at the restaurant.
4 Very fast service waiter was very friendly and food was very good loved their fried wonton and special house vegetable soup. I order all the time and food is always fresh. Recommend to anyone that loves Thai food and their teas are also delicious.
4 This was awesome. I tried out Tom Ka. It was perfect. The coconut broth was creamy and not too overpowering. My boyfriend had yellow curry and loved it. If I could eat the plate, I would. The service was perfect and the server sold me on his personal recommendations. Try it, you won't be disappointed!
4.5 Today was my fourth or fifth time here at the restaurant in the past 4 years. It's great for family dining and the Thai food is absolutely delicious. Friendly staff and a lively atmosphere, I will definitely return when I am in the area. My favorite dish is the Coconut Chicken Soup.. it is SO GOOD. And the beef and chicken satay is superb as well :)My only complaint is the boba in the Thai Tea.. , the boba itself was hard and not fresh nor chewy. Kinda wish I just got the regular Thai Tea because the boba was bad and made it hard to sip my Thai Tea . But hey, the food was good enough that I'm not taking away any stars
4.4 Came here with my family and wanted someTom Yum coconut soup and some Panama curry. They were eager and ready to serve with friendly staff!
3.6 I always come here for their pad see ew. My boyfriend gets the Thai paradise beef with brown rice. The servers are really nice and attentive. Would recommend this to anyone who likes Thai food.
4 I am here with one of my highschool girl friends for lunch and we ordered the pad thai and spicy basil chicken. The tom yum is is very flavorful and i like how the plates came with fried wonton with chicken stuffing. I recommend the thai coffee. It tastes like Vietnamese coffee which i love. The dessert that comes in the end is so good. My palette is super satisfied. There is the sour from the tom yum soup, the sweet from the dessert, the bitter-sweetness of the thai coffee, the spicy from the basil chicken, and the savory from the two dishes. Yum!!!
5 This place was pretty impressive Ford both quantity and quality. We're all used to good thai food in LA and this one is most memorable in this part of town. Safe pick; save in your bookmark and it will come handy any day.
5 Free drink at check in and good for big party. Comfortable seating with lunch special menu
5 This thai place is great for big groups. We come here on sundays usually with more than 10 adults and 5 kids, and doesn't require any wait.Food here can be quite salty but still taste authentic.You get a free drink by reviewing them.
4 The staff was very friendly. My eggplant with basil was very good. My husband was disappointed with his chicken with basil. We were traveling through the area, so would not make a point to return.
4 I came here one day with my best friend and her mom! I think everyone was so busy doing 4th of july festivities it wasn't too crowded. The service was very good and attentive. Thai Paradise has very generous portions, but the price is  a bit on the more expensive end... but the portions i guess are generous so I guess it evens out? We ordered the pad thai, yellow curry, and the beef skewers. Chicken pad thai: It was a bit more of a sweeter pad thai than I am use to? The pad thai was a tad bit too oily, but it was still pretty good. Because it was really sweet I couldn't eat a whole too much of it without getting bored of it. It didn't come with peanuts, so we ordered it on the side to pour it all over! The chicken was nice and tender, but it was more like small chicken bits as appose to the shredded chicken I'm use to (not complaining though). Yellow Curry: oh, the portions were so generous in this dish. The yellow curry was nice and creamy, just like how curry should be! It came with potatoes, onions, and carrots; all nice and tender and cooked perfectly. All the flavors of the curry were there, but it was pretty average compared to all the curry dishes I have tried; not bad, pretty good, but not great. Beef skewers: The beef skewers were nice and tender; it was juicy and marinated very well. It was so tender that it would just smoothly slide off the skewer. They had this peanut sauce which paired perfectly with the meat. I think this was my favorite item on the menu! It was nice and flavorful. All in all, I think this place is  a good family style restaurant. Although it wasn't amazing, it wasn't bad either and had some very nice flavors. They gave this red bean dessert at the end, which was red bean and corn? It was really good!! It was sweet, but not overbearingly sweet, and was a great way to end the meal.
5 Nice Thai restaurant that I happened to find in the area.I did take out and ordered the following: beef satay, spring rolls, garlic pepper shrimp and scallops, and spicy seafood with mint leaves. All were great, except the beef satay was way overcooked so that is why I took off a star. Inside the restaurant seemed nice and I'll try to dine-in next time.
4 A great place to catch a quick lunch! Lots of classic Thai and Chinese options on their lunch special menu. I had the Spicy Basil Duck lunch special. It included Tom Yum soup and 2 fried wontons, as well. The sauce was flavorful and it came with plenty of vegetables, and 1 scoop of Jasmine rice. They also throw in a sweet red rice dessert when they bring your tab. If you show them your Yelp Review, they will give you a free drink (Thai tea/coffee or soda can). I like a place that offers a lot of value and Thai Paradise offers just that.
4 Their tai food is excellent. Close to my house.  Price is a little higher but worth it. Their shrimp tum yum soup is delicious. I always choose 8 for hot. Their steam fish is very good. Their psi this is delicious.  Recommend this place
5 This is my first time here  I recommend the Pad Thai it's amazing is amazing ‼ excellent service easy parking overall  Thumbs up
5 Delicious Thai ice tea, pad Thai and Thai fried rice. Large portions and good sides. Good for large families and parties. Fast service. Parking is street side and may be difficult. However, it is worth the search for a spot.
4 Very good place to dine!They have several new items came out, Im gonna try their deep fried chicken with garlic sauce.
4.5 Food was Delicious and service was great! Will be coming back soon. Loved their Beef Paradise and Pad See Ew.
3.6 This is one of my favorite places for a lunch special.  Too many other Thai restaurants don't even bother to ask how spicy you would like your food, although Thai Paradise often varies in spiciness. Most of the dishes I've had here come with a small black rice pudding for desert. Nobody else makes it this good. Just delicious. Easy parking in the street or in back.
4.5 I love this place! My bf and I order from here all the time, it's our go-to thai spot! The portions are great and the food is even better! You really can't go wrong here.
4 Consistently good food & service over many years.I've been eating here since they opened. Best thai GREEN CURRY in this area (5stars). I also love their THAI PARADISE BEEF dish & the tangy green dipping sauce is delicious. I order those 2 every time.  Their dishes never disappoint me.
3.5 This is my first time at this restaurant. The decor is nice and noise is mild. Service is quick w the water and staff felt really friendly so far.I plan to order the pad Thai. The menu shows really tasty food picture so it makes it really hard to choose, especially if you're hungry. I'm writing this right now because there is a man offer for beverage upon review of the restaurant.Overall with this many customers here, I'm sure this place is pretty tasty.
4.5 I came here with some friends on a Sunday night and it was pretty packed. Although the wait was pretty long, the food definitely made up for the difference. Also write a review on Yelp for a free drink ;) I got a thai tea
4.5 Good service and food! Very crowded during lunch time. They provide free Thai tea. ....
4 so the secret of this place getting such a high review is because they offer a free drink if you do a review for them with a check in. Yelp only encourages check in to increase popularity but not to ask your customers to write a review for something free. My friend did the check in with a review because she wanted the free drink but she only wrote a sentence and the waiter said she had to write more. Immediately I responded but we havent ate yet, he didnt care and continue to ask my friend to write more. So my friend did like two more sentences finally she got her drink. I do not agree with this method of getting a high rating so I didnt do it. the food: was just ok. had tom yum soup, pad thai, satay, curry duck, stir fry chinese broccoli. everything was just very average. would not be coming back. service: didnt like how the waiter was so strict on insisting the customer to write a review to get the free drink before eating anything. atmosphere: casual dining. nothing special.
4 Food is delicious and good services ! Location is convenience ! Love the mangoSticky rice . Must try
4 Great place for a small business. Enjoyed the food there. Would recommend for a cheap Thai food option.
4 Great friendly service, atmosphere, yelp user friendly. Good portions. Good for different sized parties. Great parking. Solid food!
4.5 Favorite Thai food place! Whenever I'm craving some tom yum soup and pad thai, this is the first place I think of in the SGV.  They make their soup perfectly sour, spicy and savory (just the way I like it). The wait isn't too bad, especially since they always have many customers. Parking is widely available in the back.
4.5 One of my favorite Thai restaurants in LA. Reasonable, tasty and good service. Everything is usually good but yellow curry was just ok, not my favorite. The only thing I don't like is the loud music video..
4.3 i came here for the first time with my friend a couple months back and revisited last night for a take-out order.  we ordered thai toast, egg rolls, pad thai, pad see ew, chicken fried rice, orange chicken, and tom yum ka soup.  our total was a little over $70, which i guess runs a little over $10 a dish.  we ordered and the food was already ready for pick up when we arrived about 15 min later.  efficiency!wasn't a fan of the orange chicken.  thai toast and egg roll were average.  pad thai, pad see ew, and the fried rice were standard thai fare.  nothing mind blowing.  but a good stand by whenever i'm having craving for thai noodles :)parking a plenty in the front or theres a lot in the back if you don't trust to leave your car hanging on atlantic.
4 We start with Papaya salad, Satay chicken and beef as appetizers. Tom Yum seafood soup tastes pretty good. taste pretty good. I love the Goong Oab Woonsen a lot.
4 Dinner with family, as always, this place is packed during dinner time.Ordered beef salad, crab meat fried rice, papaya salad, and satay beef and chicken.Highly recommend the satay.This place is a usual for us and you get a free drink if you write a yelp review.
3 Dinner with family, as always, this place is packed during dinner time.Ordered beef salad, crab meat fried rice, papaya salad, and satay beef and chicken.Highly recommend the satay.This place is a usual for us and you get a free drink if you write a yelp review.
4 Came here with my son he like eat  crab fried rice and onions orange chicken crispy  I go to try Tom yum soup  noodle that   So so and Thai tee boba  may be come back again  try anther food
5 Second time here, yummy Thai food! We all love the lemon fish and curry. And the Tom-yum Soup was very delicious too. Service were nice too.
5 Pretty good Thai food! We ordered the Green Curry with Chicken and Ong Choy (morning glory vegetable) and both were delicious. The Curry was a bit on the sweet side and while we ordered medium, I couldn't taste the spice or chilies at all so the flavors are definitely more Americanized. I would order it spicy next time.
5 My Fav thai food spot Their seafood dishes are Sooo delicious And they have really good lunch special selections Highly recommended !!!
1 Great place! Good ambience, love to go with my family. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. One of the best places to eat Thai food in the 626. We ordered the green curry and tom yum goong soup - were very pleased with our decision.Good for groups and lots of parking spaces in the lot!
2 Night was cold n Food was so nice!!! I've find one more spot!!! I recommend to my friends!!!
4 Good service and relax environment! Recommend for the lunch special as the deal is really good. Red curry and green curry are some of the most popular dishes;)) P.s. the line can be long on the weekend
4.3 Main dishes: Best of the bestCrab fried riceSeafood pad thai3 flavor shrimp and scallopSoup? Get the coconut soup super goodSalad? Of course papaya seafood  salad.Must try
4.2 This is my favorite Thai restaurant in the 626 and I've tried a lot. Their quality has never changed which says a lot in this area because over time most restaurants just skip on ingredients or quantity they give you. I never felt that way here.Personal favorites:Duck noodle - the flavor is always on point and isn't overpowering like other Thai restaurants. The broth tastes so good, I literally finish the whole bowlGreen curry - one of the best Thai curries I have ever had. A lot of places taste overly sweet but Thai paradise has it well balancedHonestly I've never had anything I didn't like here; I.e. vegetables with pork, satay skewers, tom yum. Everything was delicious!
4.5 I come here very often and I love their curry. The basil chicken is very good as well. The interior design is cool very Thai  style.
4 Not a lot of Thai restaurants in the Alhambra area but this is by far the best in he area and worth the drive from Alhambra to Monterey Park. Food tastes fresh and I love their lunch special. Usually get the pad Thai, pad see ew and basil chicken with rice. No complaints. Very flavorful. I also tried the basil duck and I was very impressed. The staff here is very friendly and accommodating. Abundant amount of parking as well. Restaurant is very clean.
3.5 Good food, good price! I most highly recommend the mango sticky rice. My summer time fav.
4.5 This is the closest Thai place near me. Food is consistent and good. Always good service and never overly packed, so no wait. The prices are a slightly above average for similar sitdown Thai restaurants.
4.5 Got three dishes for 4 ppl and we were all full :) love the portions here. The chicken soup was so good!! I got medium spice and the other two dishes were pad Thai ( level 3 spices ) and spicy noodle ( level 6 spices).. Do not get level 6.. It was way too spicy for some of us but over all the food was satisfying.
4 Ordered takeout from here last night on a whim because we were in the area and was really craving Thai food. Wasn't expecting much after reading some reviews on here but i'm glad we gave it a try! We stuck to the basic and ordered the beef pad see ew and tofu pad thai. After trying those two dishes i can't wait to go back and try the more traditional meals! The pad see ew tasted delicious and is just like how it's supposed to be, flat rice noodles stir fried in a brown sauce with Chinese broccoli, eggs and choice of meat; it was the perfect amount of salty and slightly sweet. The pad thai was good as well, everything was perfectly cooked, tangy and flavorful. The service here was friendly and fast, easy parking in the lot provided in the back, looking forward to try more of the food here!
4 It was great! They have good service and are kidfriendly. Orange honey chicken had a bit too much honey but the rest was great!!!I would love to come back.
4 Great food! Love the Thai ice tea. Great service..parking is a little bit hassle..will recommend this place if you love Thai food.m
4 Great authentic place. Plenty of parking and friendly staff. We came with a group and ordered several dishes to share. Yummm.
4.5 Good service. Had the Thai ice tea and beef and broccoli lunch. The beef and broccoli was flavorful.
4.4 Great food and service, everything on the menu is amazing. Definitely coming back!We orders the coconut Tom yum soup, beef pad Thai, and chicken basil. Everything was made to perfection.
4.5 Awesome hot food... good serviceFriendly people! Always favorite to come on the weekday
4 This is my favorite Thai restaurant in Monterey Park.  The pork jerkey is my favorite !! Must they this place
1 This place is awesome in every way. From covered parking to the tasty cuisine. The sticky rice and pad thai are unreal bomb!! 5 stars service and food!
5 Always the real, best and comfortable thai place I go. Can to go order. But the pot is better dinne in. No BS, just come and you will know.
3 Always the real, best and comfortable thai place I go. Can to go order. But the pot is better dinne in. No BS, just come.
5 Gôd place to eat . Staff great. Hard to park at weekend.Great food.This is the best Thai Restaurant ever!  It has been my favorite since it was still a very small restaurant with few tables. After the remodel and additional tables, it became more popular as ever! You forgot how  difficult it is to park at dinner time once you tasted their food! I always order their mooyang ( barbecued/grilled pork) either lunch or dinner. Sometimes at dinner, I order their stripe bass sour soup (done like Filipino sinigang). If I have visitors, I always bring them here. Everyone has positive experience after eating here.
5 I like this place the food is delicious and we check in have free drinks  and they have good service
3 Thai Paradise is the go to Thai Restuarant in MPK. They have a good selection of lunch specials. My go to dishes are the Prik King Pork and Spicy Basil Chicken with soft tofu.
4 Great Thai Food restaurant in are the area. Most dishes are tasty.  My most like is that they have DELIVERY service. However the order must be $45 and more.
5 I have been to this specific Thai Paradise for the past years and I am very satisfied with everything they have to offer. Definitely recommend those who have not tried this place to go to head over to Monterey Park to try this place out.
4 My go-to place for Thai food in Monterey Park!  Here's my STAB at it:S(ervice):- Friendly staff but they could be a bit soft spoken so make sure you speak and listen carefully.- Attentive and quick, kitchen always delivered my food within 10 minutes of order. T(aste): - You can choose you level of spicy (1-10) for either a lighthearted instant kick (1-4) or one you'll re-experience the next day if you know what I mean (7-10).- Flavors of the food has always been consistent and legit compared to Thailand through the years I've been there.  - FREE dessert at the end of the meal, black rice with sweetened coconut milk, perfect to end the meal with.A(mbiance):- Clean place with a lot of culturally appropriate decors.  - There's a stage for performance so it's great for large parties.B(udget):- Great lunch special selections ranging from $5.99-$7.99.  Portioned appropriately to fill you up without putting you in food coma.- Non-lunch special items are fairly priced as well ranging from $7.99 to $15.99 with bigger portions that are great for sharing.
3.6 We love this place ever since we found it a few months ago. So happy they are open right now with everything going on. We ordered take out and it was delicious and fresh as it always is. This is our favorite Thai restaurant, amazing service, very friendly staff, and the food never disappoints. Thank you
4.2 One of the best coconut chicken soup in town. And if u want to throw a spin on fried rice, taste there pineapple fried rice. Its bomb man
4.5 Great lunch menu. Highly recommend Thai Paradise Beef. Their curry is great too! Lunch comes with salad or soup, main entree and even dessert!
4 Very good pad Thai!With a yelp review you can get a free drink. We got the curry which was also delicious as well.
3.5 First time coming here. The atmosphere is very nice and the service is great! We ordered:Stuffed chicken wings-- amazingYellow curry with tofu-- amazingClams-- pretty goodEggplant basil with chicken-- less basilly than expected but still goodThe people who work here are very very nice. We got here around 6, and there was no wait. As our meal progressed, more and more tables were filled. The service is well planned!
4.5 Many options for lunch specials, including green curry catfish, salt and pepper squid and shrimp, and others.  The service is excellent and the waiters are very polite and fast.
4.5 Great lunch specials!  My favorites are green curry catfish, garlic pepper shrimp and scallop, and basil squid and shrimp.  I've received excellent service every time I've been here.
4 This place is the best when you want to come with a big group of people. The staff are very accommodating and the quality of food is consistent on every visit. My go-to dishes are: pad Thai, pad se-ew and the pork jerky. And the best part is that you get a red rice dessert for free at the end of your meal.
4 I ordered the spicy fried rice and the rice was dry and hard. The flavor was good, but I think they undercooked the rice. The spicy noodles was literally half vegetables and half noodles. There was not enough noodles and there was a lack of flavor. I've been coming here for years, but the quality in food has gone down significantly.
4 Just received our delivery order for the first time. Satay Chicken(Free) Egg Rolls - 1 order had 4 pcsPad ThaiParadise BeefFried RiceDelivery guy very friendly.  Food was hot.  Everything was very delicious.  No complaints at all.You can absolutely tell that the food is made fresh to order.  Now I know what everyone is talking about when having the paradise beef.  Perfectly grilled meat with so much flavor.  They do not skimp on the amount of food.  The price is on point. Will definitely order again.
4.5 I ordered a red curry dish for lunch, and it tastes amazing. Very creamy and spicy with a hint of coconut fragrance. The price for the dish was unbelievably cheap for the amount of items you receive. Waiter is very observant on the water cup as well, I never ran out of water to drink. Good environment to dine in, has authentic Thai decoration.
4 Wonderful ambience with fantastic service! Updated interior featuring modern Thai decor. I'm a big fan of the multiple HDTVs displaying premium sport channels. Spacious seating arrangement with comfortable temperature control. The Red Duck Curry, Mixed Vegetables with Chicken Lunch Special, and Steamed Lemon fish were delicious!
4.5 Been coming here for years with friends and family.  I'm not much of a writer; that said, this place finally deserves a review!My go to is the papaya salad, Tom yum seafood soup, and pad see ew!  With a larger group, we can partake in more of their tremendous menu!  On certain days, they'll bring in some live musicians to add some flavor to the already quaint atmosphere; bring your dates!  I'm probably rambling, but I don't care.  Give this place a try!  You'll end up waddling out the door from all the food.
4.4 Awesome place! Got the pork pad Thai and tom sum soup. So delicious. Will definitely come back again!! Great atmosphere
5 This is an absolute fabulous Thai restaurant! Also it's right next to the Atlantic shopping area. We ordered some chicken satay, pad see ew, and an array of other things. Delicious!
4 We have been looking for a thai spot for awhile and came across this one not too far from home. This place was clean and very decorative. The waitresses were quick and great! Very welcoming! The food was very good and flavorful! I always go for the thai tea, calamari was really good, the beef pad see eww was amazing and so was the  cashew chicken Everything was delicious that we had to come back, we found a new spot!
5 Very delicious!!! Came to try their other location and was just as impressed!!! Hot pot soup, bbq beef salad and chicken pad se ew all SO good!! I will return....sitting and waiting for my much anticipated house black rice desert!!!!
4 Been coming here with my family for while and we love eating here. The service is always fantastic and the food is amazing. I always get the pad Thai and the Heikeng. I've tried most of the menu and all the food is great.You won't be disappointed and you'll leave more than satisfiedUpdate: I just tried the shrimp and squid Chu Che and it is amazing and everyone should try it! The service was great as always so I'll be coming back soon
4 Been coming here with my family for while and we love eating here. The service is always fantastic and the food is amazing. I always get the pad Thai and the Heikeng. I've tried most of the menu and all the food is great.You won't be disappointed and you'll leave more than satisfied
4 I love coming here with my family because the food is amazing and the service is excellent! Our server is really nice and accommodating and it makes the experience of eating Thai food that much better.My family has been coming here for many special occasions. Today we are here for a graduation celebration. The service here is consistent and makes the meal more enjoyable!
1 Great Thai restaurant in Monterey Park, always passed by but stopped in to check it out.  Service is friendly, it's spacious and traditionally decorated but the menu is pretty comprehensive.  Parking in rear.  Love the desserts!
4 Came in here and omg this place is the bomb. They even have a karaoke too lol. Lovely setting and the price is pretty-decent as well. Ordered the combination fried rice Spicy and honestly the food here is better and the ice tea omg good. Will definitely come back here again
4 My favorite Thai restaurant that I've been going to for seven years. I love the ambiance here; everywhere you look, there are beautiful wood carvings on the walls you can stare at. The service here is very attentive and personable. And of course, the food.... YUM. You seriously can't go wrong with any of the dishes, all of it is very delicious. My favorites are the tom yum soup and the spicy basil chicken dish. Do be aware that parking can be a challenge on Friday nights or weekends. Thankfully there is three levels of underground parking, but even those fill up at times.
5 Been coming here for years with friends and family.  There service and food is pretty good. Their pad see ew, pad thai,Thai pork jerky are delicious. That is my to go food to get here. I have recommended other to come.Give this place a try because you will come back.Price is decent also. Good for big family also.
3.6 First things first, I believe Thai Paradise is the only restaurant in MP that delivers food that ISN'T a fast food pizza place.    I've ordered during football games, during rain storms, regardless, they have always delivered a fresh hot product earlier than the time they quoted me when I placed my orders, what a blessing.    The restaurant is run by Thai's, so they're very well versed in getting the flavors just right.    Their panang curry is so smooth and craveworthy with either chicken or shrimp.  Like most places, you spend a certain amount and they throw in free wontons, spend a little more and they throw in egg rolls that are actually pretty darn tasty.  Lunch specials are great too with a wide selection of items to choose from.  EAT HERE!
4.5 That is my first time to try thai food. The soup is very good and makes me feel warm in the raining night. I also order pineapple rice and chicken wing. It tastes good too
4 The place is clean and servers are polite, welcoming atmosphere.  The food are so good.I like there authentic artwork. First dinner in socal..so so good ..must go here!!! Different style thai food..
3.5 DO NOT leave here without getting the mango sticky rice!!!! Food was delicious and thre service was GREAT! Highly recommend!
4.5 Thai Paradise. No thanks. More like Thai Hell.I met up with a friend to get a quick dinner before going out to celebrate New Years Eve. For what you get you pay a lot. It's pricey and I've been to so many Thai restaurants where you pay half the price and get better quality.SERVICE:What service? No greeting, no asking for how many people. (Don't give me excuses like it was too packed) It wasn't. I waited and waited and then asked if I can be seated.My friend and I ordered at the same time, but I was almost done with my dish and we had to ask the service 3 times for her dish.The Service is horrible, especially the lady with short hair. Either go look for another job or start smiling or go get a surgery. It's not that hard to be friendly and nice.If they make a management change or drill the staff I would consider to come maybe one more time in 2015.
4.5 Not bad at all. Thai restaurants can be competitive cuz we got so many! So I'm gonna say these guys held their own. We ordered shrimp pad Thai, combo fried rice (needed more shrimp), beef Sa-te, and crispy chicken plate. (Yes. We piggies. Jus two of us) I appreciate the free dessert after the meal. My best guess is that it was bean curd tapioca. Delish!
4 This is my go to place for Thai food! Food quality: it's pretty awesome here. The flavors are always consistent. The curry is so flavorful. Not watered down like other Thai place. The meat is perfectly cooked ooo so good. Service: our waiter was pretty attentive. Price: the price has gone up over the years but the lunch special are still a deal. It is comparable to other Thai places though. Facility: the place is pretty clean. I'll definitely be coming back
4 THE FOOD WAS AMAZING⁉⁉⁉⁉ We ordered the Pad see ew and it was addicting, the pricing is very affordable too. Definitely coming back with my friends.
4 Everything here is delicious! If you can come forLunch even better. The prices can't be beat. And I love that it isn't too crowded that the staff is forgetting about you.
4.5 Good go to for local Thai. The pineapple fried rice has curry powder in it. Kind of surprising but it was nice . The Tom yum is a bit salty. Thai iced tea is delicious .
4 Love this place amazing food The salad is so good and the chicken Phad Thai is to die for.
4.5 Loving the pad thai here and the thai bbq chicken. Definitely one of our go to places every Sunday after hearing Mass. Not to mention they also offer lunch special sets that comes with soup or salad , fried wonton and steamed rice. Must try when you are in the area!
3.6 Ive been coming here for many years. This is one of my favorite Thai restaurants in the area and I recommend it to any friends or family. My favorite dish is the Pad Thai, Rad Na with Ground Chicken and a delicious creamy Thai Ice Tea to close the deal.
5 Thai Paradise is one of my favorite restaurants. Their pad Thai with tofu is filling and divine!! Definitely recommend
4 Delicious seafood soup, sweet and sour shrimp are tasty and this is our first experience here and my family enjoyed this place. I highly recommend this restaurant for your next dish!
4 Great Food and service! Pineapple fried rice is super tasty. Highly recommend this place.
4 Was ok. Lots of leftovers... Green curry not sweet or spicy. Looked more green than usual.   First time i didn't finish that dish.  I usually like all curry dishes. Moo ping was recommended.  Meat was good with that sauce but sticy rice kinda dry. Chicken Thai basil was least enjoyed. About 80% left. Thai tea was good because not watered down.
5 Overall food was average.  It is on par with other restaurants around the area.  Although, there are not that many Thai restaurants near by. We wrote this review in hopes of getting a free drink, as stated in the sign.  But, there is a stipulation, they can change the rules...and they did.  When presenting our review, the "new rule" was they do not take the drink off the bill, but they give you an additional drink. We were told condescendingly, "this is how it works".It is a buy one get one...after the fact.  So, not really free.What good is a drink after your meal?  At least they let us take our extra drinks in a to go cup. Kinda sneaky move on their part.Pro tip:  if you want that free drink, check in and write your review before hand show them to get the free drink.  Otherwise, you will end up with a to go drink.  The Thai iced tea and iced coffee is average, as well.
3 Thai Paradise? It should be named Thai Terrible... not sure where all the good reviews are coming from but our experience was not good. My family and I came here for lunch and it wasn't overly busy. We ordered basil chicken which looked like grounded chicken and tasted so so, meaning not so good. We also ordered green curry which was very watered down and runny. My mom ordered pad Thai which surprisingly was good, but what made the visit terrible was what happened next. I asked the waiter to help recommend me a dish. He recommended a grilled steak dish which of course was the most expensive on the lunch menu and he told me it was the most popular and very good. I thought what's a few extra dollars if I'm going to enjoy it? As soon as I received my dish, I regretted the waiters recommendation. 1st of all, the steak was cold, 2nd it was chewy like jerky, 3rd the beef was not fresh at all. I tried eating it and my family tried a piece but it just TerribleI complained to the waiter and he apologized and took my leftovers back to the kitchen, not that I would have eaten any more of it.When I received my bill, they still decided to charge me for it. Since I had to goto work, I paid the bill and left. My wife stayed behind and asked why they took the leftovers and still charge us for it. The manager said that they would remake it. After a few minutes the came back with a small container with the leftovers. Why offer to remake something and not do it? Is this business really in that bad of a situation? And why take a dish back to the kitchen and not come back with at least an excuse or explanation. If I could give this place 0 stars, I would due to how this complaint was handled by them.
5 Ambiance is really nice. Lots of decorative wooden decor to add to the Thai aesthetic. Took awhile for our food orders to arrive but they were quite busy. So beware!Food Orders:You can adjust the spiciness to your liking (Medium, Mild, Hot) Tom Yum Seafood soup: (4/5) 10/10 fire show. Haha Nice kick of spiciness but seafood was mediocre.Spicy Basil Bamboo shoot and Fish cake: (4/5) Wish it was a bit more spicier. Fish cake was tender. Bamboo shoots added a nice crunchy texture. Steamed Rice: (5/5) Your typical pot of steamed rice. Get a free drink when you post your review!
5 First off you walk in and it looks so beautiful. The Decor is quite nice, I've been to other Thai places and this one feels next level. We got sat immediately which is always a plus especially on a Friday night. Service is quick and attentive. Food came out quickly as well. Great flavors so we are definitely coming back!
1 This is probably my favorite restaurant, the food is great and the customer service outstanding ! we have gone some many times our server  already knw what we like he doesnt even ask what we want to drink.
5 This place stays busy and you'll know the obvious. Food is delicious always consistent! Portion has gotten bigger for family meals. Service is freaking top knotch. Not your average asian restaurant type of service so tip good.
5 The spicy yellow curry is delicious. Not positive they don't use msg. I fell deep asleep afterwards. But if they don't use it then it was just my tired bones. Anyway, delicious and fresh food. Prices are about $15 per person. Portions are good. Service is great. Very nice service.
4.4 I like the Service so much!space is quiet and nice. Always provide sweet dresset for free!
3.6 This is probably my favorite thai food in Town.Come here and try it and you are not gonna regret it.I love it !
4.5 The restaurant has been a Thai staple in the area for quite a while. I've been getting take out here for a year now and the food has always been top notch. It does get pretty busy on the weekend and seating will take a while but it's definitely worth the wait!
4 Took my family there for dinner one day and we love the food there. It was authentic. Standard size plates. Food were delicious and flavorful. Great customer service too
3.5 Great thai food. Clean environment with nice decor, good service.  Always very friendly and has good selection of dishes. My favorite is spicy chicken with tofu. Their pad thai is very good as well their satay.  Never disappointed when I come here.
4.5 Located in Monterey Park, don't have to wait at 8pm.Ordered pad Thai and green curry, good flavor!Convenient location and good service.
4.5 Thai paradise is one of my fave place to eat. Whenever I'm craving Thai food in Monterey park area, I always choose to come here. Fast service. Flavor is always on spot. The spiciness is always at a good level. We ordered the super tom yum soup and the spicy fried rice. Totally yummy.
4 Service/speed: 4/5Price: 2.5/5Food taste/quality: 2.5/5Came back again because it was closeby. Food came out quickly.Pad Thai was still too sweet.Fried chicken with rice: chicken was dryFree dessert was good though
4 Service: quick and attentiveThe food came out piping hot. Pad thai: bold flavor, but way too sweetLard na beef : not impressive. Lacked flavor, sliced beef was pathetic in taste. They were stingy with the beef as well.Tom yum (seafood): tasty, spicy and sour but not much seafood. Overall: mediocre food and pricey.
4 Great thai food.Spicy beefCoconut and chicken soup tom ka kaiYellow curryGood service, parking, atmosphere
4 Clean and pleasant environment with great food.   Waiters and waitresses were attentive
4.5 Good place to hang out with friends and family! Food is good. Highly recommend papaya salad.
4.5 I always come here for lunch and they are so quick. The food is really good and customer service is great. Also, if you dine in you will get a free dessert, which I love. The lunch specials are good and at a great price....decent amount of food as well!
4.3 Ordered takeout from here tonight and my wife got the spicy noodles (very flavorful and delicious) I ordered the chicken chow mein (pictured) medium spicy and as you can see here they taste exactly how they look, plain and bland.
3 Thai food!Thai Paradise is right by Beard Papas and below a dim sum restaurant called Ocean Star Seafood. There's plenty of parking to eat at Thai Paradise: in the front, in the back, but not on the side, side, side. This fairly large restaurant was decorated with all sorts of plants and I enjoyed my early dinner with some classmates. I had the Tofu Pad Thai, which was SOO delicious! MMM rice noodles , with that Pad Thai sauce, lots of bean sprouts for that crunchy texture, and LOTS of yummy tofu for my tum tum! Before we got the bill they served us with a rice dessert dish. It had tapioca balls in it, and I tried really hard to just get only those, since I also gave up rice for lent. It's very different, but slightly sweet. I liked it although most of my companions didn't care for it. Other than that.. PAD THAI!!!!
1 Good environment, friendly staff!Make sure you giving out good rating for free drink!
4 Awesome place!!!! This is good for such a hot weather placeExtremely nice service. I'll definately return for this place.
4 Great AmbianceI like that you can sit outside or inside. Great way to eat. I had two types of curry-Red and Green. The green was a bit bland. I did think the Red was a bit better. I love curry. This place was AOK and I would probably come back. The staff is friendly and nice. You can park on the street (if you find a spot), which makes it very convenient. They do have parking for the plaza, also. Overall AOK!
1 Pretty good place to eat Thai food . Family hanging out restaurant! :) you won't miss it !
5 This is a good Thai spot for lunch - never overly crowded and service/food is quick. Plus, lunch specials and prices are lower!Also, their spicy is actually LEGIT!! They usually ask you Mild, Medium, Spicy...BUT if you go by numbers 5-10 HOLY COW!! 10 is wildfire.. I only dare go up to 8. :x- Soft Shell Crab - yummy! Perfectly crisp!- Chicken Satay - tender, just a-ok- Spicy Noodle (sort of like Pad Kee Mao) - pretty good, make it spicy!- Tom Yum Koong Noodle - actually really tasty! Comes with plenty of shrimp and they use the flat noodle unlike a lot of other places I've been.- Duck Noodle - pretty good, also very generous in the amount of duck.-Chiu Chow Noodle - it's okayy but not as authentic*they give complimentary black rice pudding as dessert that is really good if you're accustom to Asian dessertsPlus, service has always been friendly - they actually know that my coworker and I order quite spicy and they're familiar with what we usually order :)
4 We came on a Thursday night and ordered pad thai beef, spicy basil chicken and tofu, and big bowl of steamed rice for $27- Right next to half and half! Can't get any better than that! Main reason to come!- Reminds me of President Thai! Interior, plating, even food! The font is similar! lol- Pad thai beef is pretty expensive. $9. up to $12 for seafood. Average. - Spicy basil chicken and tofu: they could have made the tofu taste a bit lighter/crispier. I think they drenched too much sauce. But still, very good and one of my faves. - Love the spice rack. They have the chili with the fish sauce. yum!- Service was quick  and polite. - If you like President Thai, you'll like this place.
5 Great Thai food , location , parking are fantastic. I would recommend this place for everyone who love authentic Thai food . Everyone here is friendly.
3 First time here.. there's a cool water fountain. I ordered Coconut milk shrimp soup and sweet rice for dessert.
5 Pretty good food. No pleasant or non-pleasant surprises. Pretty standard Thai restaurant with options to order some Chinese dishes as well. Wait staff is pretty friendly.
5 I came here for a lunch special.  The pad thai was okay, I didn't taste anything special about it.  The portions are smaller and we also go the spicy beef.  The beef wasn't that great, I wasn't a fan of the sauce.  Each dish was 6-7.  The beef came with a complimentary salad and bowl of rice.  Cheap and quick meal.  The service is just average.
4.3 Been Here Once. Lunch Time To Eat @ Thai Paradise Monterey Park (Same Owner As San Gabriel). Order Tom Yum Kai , Thai Pork Jerky , Garlic And Pepper Shrimp & Scallops. Good Taste. Prices Are Reasonable.
4.2 This is the worst Thai food I have ever had in my life, we got tom kha soup, pad see ew and Chinese broccoli and crispy pork belly. First we had to wait for 25 mins at 4:30pm on a weekday. When the food came we were already starving but the food still tasted like shit. All dishes are too salty, crispy pork belly is not crispy at all, pad see ew is over cooked and even burned, the soup is overly sour with no coconut favour. Oh my God, I cannot believe Thai food could taste so bad. So terrible.
4.5 I liked my experience here... I've been here before with non Thais and I have to say... my experience here alone versus with non Thais is very different. SERVICEWhen I am alone at the restaurant (take out), they treat me really well and chat with me. They bring me water as I wait and just really nice. I ordered three dishes and it came out within 15 minutes. She even told me to call ahead and if I lived close, they have delivery. Really nice. She gave me a menu too. When I'm with people, it's pretty standard. FOOD:Not bad. Their spicy is Thai which means... spicy is SPICY. Yes. Win! I love their spiciness!Som Tum - yummyPanang - very creamy... I kinda like it!Tom Yum - sour and spicy... goodPad Se Ew - alrightSoft Shell Crab - yumAMBIANCENice place, good for parties. They are big enough. And Thai decor.LOCATIONParking in the back but near OCEAN STAR... so can be busy.OVERALL, not bad for being surrounded by Chinese food! But... they are kinda pricey for what you get.
4 I was recommended to come here by a friend. I love Thai food. I tried the Tom yum soup, pad Thai, and spicy cat fish.. all of which were slightly on the salty side. The catfish was tough, over fried, and salty, I would not order again. The soup was also too salty. The pad Thai was good though. Generous portions, prices reasonable. Service was good. The decor in the restaurant is nice, lots of Thai inspired design. Even the staff seem to be dressed in Thai clothing. I would come back for the pad Thai, but that's about it. I like my pad Thai authentic, and this place did hit the nail on that.
3.5 This is my favorite local authentic thai restaurant. Food is always great. Definitely recommend if you like thai food. Best ever.
4.5 Thankful for Thai Paradise being open on Thanksgiving day otherwise frozen pizza would've been my Thanksgiving dinner.. Had order pick up thru Yelp and everything went smoothly. Had gotten the chicken and beef satay, crab fried rice, pork jerky, and pad see ew. All were good, except the pad see ew.. had ordered with shrimp extra $2. and it only came with shrimp. Usually it would come already with chicken or beef and the shrimp being additional.... Well it's okay cuz I had gotten chicken, beef, and pork appetizers.
4.5 The price is a bit high for a Thai restaurant but the portion is a lot more than most places and the taste is really good.  This experience would have been a 5 stars for me if the service wasn't a bit off. There were 2 people serving us. The guy was nice and attentive and the lady was whatever. I asked her for chopsticks, she handed me one set and there were 3 of us. I asked her for 2 more, she looked at me dirty before handing it to me. She also wasn't having it either when I asked her for condiments. We paid $100 for 3 people, we just wanted a bit more from the service side of it.
4 One thing I love about Thai Paradise is their lunch specials and their Pad Thai noodles. Thai Paradise made me grow a passion for Thai food and it's so so good!! Their service is so friendly and amazing. I always love their amazing and friendly service. Definitely come here if you want to try out Thai food. As of right now, they are serving delivery and pickup, but not dining in. They'll still be able to take your order! I'm sure they also still serve lunch specials during this time so I would also recommend ordering a lunch special :)
4 For a busy area, we quickly found parking. The place is clean and when we first entered we were greeted by all the staff. Appreciated the warm welcome. There was a good selection for their lunch menu (11am-3pm). We ordered the spicy noodles (pad kee mao) with a 10 spice level. It did not disappoint.
4 Delicious. Food is delicious. I recommend. Came here for the lunch special. The papaya salad was delicious. Love the atmosphere. Really good authentic Thai food. Highly recommend coming here.  Their Panang is delicious. Give me my free drink.
4.5 Took my workers here for lunch. A lot of variety.  Ordered 7 items family style and we enjoyed them all. Good service and their complementary dessert black sticky rice is great.
4 The crab fried rice is excellent! I recommend this spot to everybody!!!! If you rate this place you could get a free drink
4.5 Love love love love this place. Never really had authentic thai food before and was never interested in it... but after visiting this place... I'm kind of hooked. My authentic thai friend also loves this place (haha). I've been here a few times, the first few times we had this snobby waiter and he seemed to only talk to my thai friend... which I did not like... but the food was good. Had the fish soup thing for the first time. (on the picture menu for like $17. expensive but my favorite dish now). As picky as I am, the picture menu helps and it makes me want to try everything... Take a look at the photos I've posted!! Most are the "After" pictures haha.... yeah I'm hooked.
4.3 Good Services and delicious food.Not many customers but the atmosphere is great.Got a Tom Yam Kai in hot pot, a red curry, and Thai ice tea.
1 One of my go to places for Thai Food. The prices here are a bit high, but for the quality and portions you receive its evens out. The service is great too, one of the new workers "Randy" is wonderful.I usually come here for the Beef Satay Skewers and Clams followed by Mango Sticky Rice Dessert! Perfect dinner every time i visit.
4 I don't know much about thai food, but Thai Paradise was pretty good.  My friend and I stumbled across this place while we were searching for places to eat in Monterey Park.  The service was great.  They were quick to take our orders and the food came out really quickly.  I was impressed!  We ordered the Pad Thai and the Pad See Ew with chicken.  I think they were the best I've had so far in SoCal.  The prices were reasonable for the portions.  We ended up paying about 11-12$ per person including tax&tip.At the end, they give you some kind of sweet dark-bean-corn soupy dessert.  What is this?  I don't know, but it was pretty good.There's a lot of parking in the back!
4 Pretty good.  3.5 stars for me, mainly because I just love Thai food.Came here with a bunch from work.  I showed up late and they already had seated.  Was able to get my order in and eat with the rest.  The portion was not too big, but that was OK because...  well I didn't want to eat to much.Service was friendly.  Parking was a little bit of a challenge.  Its a good place to come if you are craving Thai food while you are in Monterey Park.
5 Love their crab fried rice and fried pompano with basilService was excellent tooWe always come here for these 2 dishesThis is definitely my favorite Thai restaurant
4 This that best in town, really good  I love it, I went to many   Thai this's the real paradaise Good sevices and delicious food
4 Their thai tea is bomb (hint hint ) Bring your ties for this thai paradise. Youre definetly in for a treat. I have gotten the yellow curry plate and it was fantastic and most definetly mouth watering good (who knows it may be because of my fasting). This review was written way before i got tje food btw (just so you know)
5 I order the pad Thai / curry chicken and satay chicken it was very delicious.  I did delivery and they came in the time they say.  They forgot a small item call them and now they will delivery that item to me again. The service very and customer services is outstanding. I would recommend this place to anyone who like Thai or want to try something new come to this place.
5 First visit here for dinner in March 2016. The decor is cosy and welcoming with some quality artwork and lots of teak.  Actually I enjoyed the atmosphere a little more than the food as it is so beautiful inside. Maybe a little over-priced but within range. Overall a pleasant visit and I would consider coming back.
5 Pretty decent Thai food. Parents' go to Thai restaurant. The Tom Yum soup is quite good. Also the pineapple fries rice and steamed whole fish.Also free drink with review.
5 On Sunday, we wanted to have Thai food which we haven't had in a long time since our favorite Thai restaurant closed down.We ordered Phad Thai w/chicken, Chicken satay, and a mango dessert.  We picked up the food about 15 minutes later, paid $25 and went home and grubbed.The food was about what I expected from a Thai food restaurant and was good, but not outstanding.  The restaurant is nicely decorated and the woman who helped us was friendly (and Thai, if that makes a difference).  I'll eat there again and it seems like they have good lunch specials starting at $5.99.Xie Xie!!
4.3 So I frequently would order delivery from this place for many years.  I recently relocated closer to their location and took a date there for dinner.  The waiter was very friendly and nice.  The management seemed to just lurk in the back. At the end of a very tasty dinner, I went to put my hand around my Date's shoulder and saw a ROACH on the top of her chair!  I quickly (without bringing attention to myself) brushed it to the floor and stepped on it.  I called the friendly waiter over and asked to speak to his manager.  In a quiet and friendly tone I showed both of them the dead roach on the ground and said, "Hey guys.. I'm not mad, not trying to get a free meal or anything.. but I just wanted to bring this to your attention so you can quietly handle the situation."  The friendly waiter apologized.  Without a moments hesitation, the manager blurted out, "That came from you."I repeated myself and said, "Im not trying to harm your business.. but from one business owner to another.. handle your shit."  Again, he denied that it was their fault and insisted that I brought the Roach in.  This guy's denial was more solid than when Clinton denied having sexual intercourse with Lewinsky. With that.. I regretfully post this review.  A place I have visited for years.  A place I would have gladly given the benefit of the doubt to, but the proof is in the pudding.  You cant blame your own infestation issues on the customers you have.  You certainly cannot blame the B rating you have on your door when you also have roaches on the floors. After the treatment received from the manager, I will no longer be a customer.
4.7 Not a bad lunch spot!Came here for lunch on a Friday and had the special rice with BBQ chicken and papaya salad. Chose the spicy level 6 which was plenty even for someone like me. Lunch totaled $7.05 and I also ordered the Thai tea. Overall, good lunch experience and wouldn't mind coming back to try their other dishes.
4.5 Just got delivery again the food was delicious super fast the guy was wearing a mask he stayed away from my door it was no touch delivering it was awesome you should definitely get food from them the price is reasonable for the amount of food that you get the mango sticky rice for dessert super
4 My favorite Thia food restaurant in town I can never go wrong coming here I'm in love with the fast service the delicious food and low price range.. every item I buy never disappoint in taste.One of my favorite thai-chinese restaurants in the area!! The orange chicken is bomb here. Never had orange chicken that I liked anywhere else as much as I like the ones from here.. it's really different in a good way, and the breading isn't overdone or soggy. Comes out hot and crispy and the sweet & tangy sauce is killer!
3.5 I love this place. everyone is polite ,and its not that pricey. i ordered the tom yum noodle soup and it was deliscious. the fried rice is the bomb.com. I copme here all the time ,and the coconut water is awesome. also i love the purple rice at the end !
4.5 This is my absolute go-to for Thai. I love the atmosphere, the service, the food, and the massive amount of seating. The wait is never extreme. They bring plates out as they're ready so they're not sitting around. Paradise beef is a must with every visit. This place is better with groups as its family style & I personally like to try a bit of everything but leftovers are great cold or warm too!
4.5 Very delicious- good service- i will come back again-i like frice ice cream- and salad and mango sticky rice
4 Great food and awesome service. i ordered delivery for a friend before i realized she wasnt going to be home. when i called back, they already made the food. not wanting to cancel since it was my fault for already ordering, i asked if they could just delay the delivery and were completely accommodating. not only did they deliver it when i asked, they re-made the dishes so they would be nice and fresh. totally recommend!
4 Good lunch special prices. Seems popular enough with plenty of people here.  They have mango sticky rice, which is my favorite dessert.
4 I was around the area running an errand and was totally craving something that's not Chinese which was hard since.. it's Monterey Park but found this place and decided to try it out.Of course, being a Thai restaurant they have a pretty good and decently priced lunch special menu.  I decided on the red curry with chicken at $5.99.  It comes with either tom yum soup or salad and two fried wonton.  The curry itself was a little bit too salty.  In fact, sometimes you can't really taste the curry at all.  That's an unfortunate thing because it does have a lot of bamboo shoots and other veggies in it.  It didn't come with much chicken either, probably only around 4-5 small strips.  The soup itself was good, not much can me said about the wonton since it was mostly fried dumpling skin rather than filling.  I guess for $5.99 it's not bad but it's not that great either.  I will say it did fill me up though.They also have a few interesting items on the menu like the whole Tilapia for $1 more, and I saw several people ordering it.  That seems like a good deal so I'll probably try that next time.  I took a look at their regular menu and things run from $8-13 on average.Thai iced tea was good, not overly sweet, and it'll cost you about $2.50, which is still somewhat cheaper than getting it at a boba shop.Overall not a bad place for lunch and there's definitely enough on the menu to come back a 2nd time.
4 We got a hotpot and pat-se-wee and they were really good! The soup is sour and spicy. The portion is pretty huge. Will visit angin next time!
4.5 I came to LA for visiting my firends. I wanna eat Thai food. My friend recommended this place. First time at this restaurant!! Fast service and good food! We also get the freeeee Thai ice teas:) lovely place
3.6 Very good! I like the place. The waiter are so nice. I will come again with my family and friends.
4.5 This place serves decent Thai food in the area.  Your not going to be bombarded with lots of different thai restaurants here in Monterey Park.  I believe this is owned or run by the same family that runs the President Thai restaurants in Pasadena, Hacienda and Whittier.  The have another location in Alhambra with the same name. (Thai Paradise on Main/Las Tunas)I came here on a Monday during lunch and it was quite empty.  The prices are above the average dish prices for this area.  I ordered the lunch special Pad Thai with chicken.  It didn't come with a side of soup (which I though the lunch special did) that my friend ordered.  My friend ordered the Tofu with minced chicken.The dish was flavorful and not bland, like some other places I've been to.  It comes with small sliced up pieces of tofu, carrot, cabbage, chicken and noodles (not the thin type). I usually order the standard common Thai dishes to compare the taste of different restaurants (pad see ew, pad thai, lard nar, etc).  This one is not bad at all.  The portions were decent but for a person that eats a lot, it probably won't be enough.  The dish was about $9 and coming from this area, it's pretty expensive.  You have other options of food (Chinese) that's a little cheaper.  At the end of the meal, it came with a free dessert.The parking is ample, as it shares the same lot as Ocean Star and the plaza is pretty much dead on the weekday for lunch.  As for the service, it was lacking!!  We got served quite quickly after sitting down but they didn't really check on us at all.  They refilled our water once but we had to wait a while to get the check.  As I said before, the restaurant was dead, so why didn't they check on the few customers that were eating there??  There was another table that was adjacent to us that also tried to flag a waiter/waitress down to get the check.   Other than that, if your craving thai food, it's a decent place.  There's Hoy-Ka on Garfield that is cheaper, tastes on par with this place and it is about 5 mins away.
3 Great Thai food, lots of variety of dishes to choose from. Very authentic.  They have lunch specials which are a good deal. They also have free delivery service  within the area.  Staff is friendly and this place has been around for a long time. Service is a bit slow and had to ask twice for my water that's why the 4 star rating
3 This is really great Thai restaurant. They have traditional Thai food！ The Tom Yam Kung soup is my favorite. And the sticky rice with mango is also great if you like sweet food.
3 This is my go-to take out place for Thai Food! Location/Parking: It's in the same plaza as Half and Half and Macchiato! Limited parking near the restaurant and the upper parking has pretty compact spaces so park down in the lower level!Food: I usually order takeout pad thai and pad swe ew from here. There's a $30 minimum so I would order the mango stick rice dessert. The delivery service takes about 40 minutes - 1hr which is okay. The pad thai is pretty good. It's not too greasy and brings out the sweet peanut flavor. For the spicy flavor, they give this hot sauce but it's not really that spicy. I usually have half of the meal left. Enough for the next day meal! I didn't really like the pad swe ew because it's sort of bland. The mango rice dessert is great! The mango used seemed fresh and I like how they separate the coconut milk from the dessert. It allows me to control how sweet the dessert can be. Overall my experience with this is a great one and I'll definitely order from them again!
5 Good friendly service. Great food. My go to thai foods spot when I'm craving thai food. Clean spot but parking kinda sucks during dinner time.
4 Been ordering food here and there for years, today i ordered the tom ka kai soup delivered and since i got the soup i have been eating it back and forth, the lid has only been open for 5 seconds for me to just take one scoop out for me and i closed it immediately, while i went to go for another scoop i saw a fly in it, i am so disgusted to just find the dead fly in my soup after eating about half the soup... This place is not sanitary..
5 Missing Thai food? No problem. Here is a great place. Would definitely recommend this place!! I love the food here! It is very delicious. They have excellent service, very friendly, and nice. The parking is a bit crowded. I really like their satays there. It is a must. Their soups have excellent taste. We would always order the spicy pad-se-ew and pad thai. The fried wonton appetizer is good too. They have a good portion size. The place gets pack during lunch and dinner time. The front exterior store looks very unique. Take me back to Thailand. At the end, they would give us coconut sticky rice desert and it is very delicious.
5 Amazing satays, pineapple fried rice, & thai basil chicken with rice. Also don't forget the thai tea! Service is nice & friendly & they're offering pickup in these hard times. My go to spot for thai food & it's so convenient that authentic thai is just a 5 mins drive away for me. Also, if you dine in they offer a free dessert at the end which tastes amazing. Kind of thing where too much would not taste good but a little would satisfy your taste buds.
5 My girlfriends and I came here for dinner on a Tuesday night around 7:30pm and including us, the restaurant was probably 10% full. I'm not sure if it was just a slow night for them or if that's normally the number of patrons that are in the restaurant but empty restaurants don't usually provide diners with much assurance of their experience.The menu is really comprehensive and had pictures and I liked how every dish was made to order for level of spiciness.  We ordered a pad thai, chicken curry, and tofu with chicken and basil.  All of the dishes were flavorful and came out within 8 minutes of ordering (I guess no patrons means faster service!).  We all liked our dishes. I was a little disappointed because I wanted my dishes to be spicier but then it was my fault for only ordering a level 2 spiciness.  The service was really good. They checked on us multiple times, refilled our waters, and even gave us a free yummy red bean dessert.  The fried ice cream looked really yummy but we were too full to try it.  The prices were really affordable here. We only paid around $12 a person. If I go again, I would definitely order a spicier level so I could feel hot hot hot! I hope they get more customers because there's no way they can make ends meet if their typical amount of customers was what we saw last night.
4 I really like this place (next to Thai Orchid). Decor so pretty, colors compliment everyone's skin so you and your date/family/friends, will all look pretty too :) Love the mini waterfall outside, you don't really feel it is just located on a busy street.  Parking good behind lot as well as on street.Ok, food wise.  Good food, good price. We get tom yum, pad thai, pad see ew, rad nah, egg plant, catfish. gosh, i cannot really tihnk of much to complain about. I even love the end dessert on the house. It is the dark bean sweet soup. I think the flavors are definitely more towards asian taste since it is spicier (although u can ask for different levels of spicy-ness) and more coconut milk used.  If u go in large groups, you can get seated but be aware of limited space. You will be squeezing in and out of each other.
4 My family came here for the lunch special and it was alright overall. I think it was more on the part that we should've ordered differently, but in the end, the food wasn't mind-blowing or anything.Their lunch specials are all well-priced. They come with soup or salad, rice and 2 fried wontons. Dishes are about $7-10 on the lunch special menu, but their regular lunch dishes are in that range, too, for the most part. We ordered their Red Curry with Chicken, Sweet and Spicy Shrimp and Scallops plate, and the Rad Na with pork. And we got tea ($1 for a pot).  Our total came out to be about 25$ and then tip.We got the soup and the salad with the lunch special items. The soup was good and had a sour kick to it, but it was strong. The salad tasted okay, but it was really disappointing presentation-wise. It was cut up iceburg lettuce, slices of dry-looking carrots and dressing.I liked the red curry, flavor-wise. It had a good amount of heat to it and was tasty, but I do wish it had a thicker consistency. It was a thin curry. The Sweet and Spicy Shrimp and Scallops were good, but we ordered mild. I want to imagine if we ordered medium, it would've tasted better, but it was kinda this heavy sweet&sour sauce drenching the shrimp and scallop pieces. It was a good dish, though the flavor is really strong. The rad na, ordered mild, is a bit bland. Medium is a must or else there isn't enough flavor. The wontons with the rice are crispy, but leaves behind that strange feeling in your mouth after you eat fried foods. They had this awesome red bean pudding for dessert! Loved it. It was lush, warm and sweet.Parking is good, customer service is great and the decor is very traditional. Had a good amount of people inside, but it wasn't crowded. There was no wait.I wouldn't mind coming back, but I've had better.
4.3 Lunch special at Paradise Thai!! Comes with great soup and salad. The yellow curry tastes really good!
4.7 Omg, this is my new favorite thai place. When i order thai food i ONLY go here. They really have the falvors down. Not to mention their desser, FRIED ICE CREAM!!! Omg, shall I say more?! #kungfood
4.5 Having been to many Thai restaurants and Chinese restaurants, this place definitely is more Chinese than thai. The food is nowhere near the quality of an authentic thai place. Maybe for non-asians this may pass, but if you're asian and have tried many asian dishes, I would avoid here. Tried this place twice and disappointed twice. Blacklisted.
4 This is my favorite thai restaurant. I like tom yum soup and also pad thai. Nice servers and very easy to find a parking. Very recommended
3.5 Friends took me here for my birthday.  Outside looks kinda dingy, but inside was real nice.  Staff was very friendly to us (because it was a quiet night I guess).  They played karaoke music in the background (karaoke nights are Saturday nights), so most of the tunes were familiar.  Mix of Chinese and English songs, including instrumentals.Food was tasty and great.  Tom yum soup was real authentic and delicious!!  More lemony flavor, so I liked it better.  My only complaint was that the water tasted real bad. You could clearly tell it's tap water.  The Thai tea was good though.Would definitely come again.
4.5 Very nice restaurant staff is very friendly food looks and tastes great this is my 1st time here but I definitely will come back food was brought out quickly. I ordered the vegetables with chicken lunch special comes with rice and wontons choice of soup or salad everything was delicious
4.5 The food here is delicious! I got the shrimp pad Thai and my cousin chose beef curry. Both were very tasty! Good customer service. They also served us free dessert at the end. There is parking in the back and it is spacious and looks very nice inside. Great music too from oldies to relaxing music. I definitely need to go back!
4 My go to place whenever i am craving for Thai food! The reasons:1) Clean!2) Awesome services!3) Tasty food!4) Reasonable price5) Free desert Regardless what time of the day i come, the above always meet beyond my expectations!
4 I don't like writing negative reviews. So know that, when I'm slamming these guys, it's for a good reason.It has now been two hours since I placed an order with them after a 45-75 minute delivery estimate (which, admittedly, is already odd, considering I'm right down the street from them). At 75 minutes, no one had arrived, so I called them and inquired about the order.After a brief hold, I was rushed off the phone, with the insistence that my order had already left with the delivery driver. 45 minutes later, it had still not arrived, and I had to contact Eat24.Eat24 discovered they had never taken the order and lied about it being out. It's a Sunday night at 9, and the restaurant's reaction was essentially to shrug it off and go, "Our bad!" It doesn't help that their food was already more highly priced than comparable restaurants in the area.So, yeah, I'm not coming back
4 Very good price for lunch menu, decent quality of food, service is excellentYou can get a free drink for a review
4.5 They are open on thxgiving, thank uThey have yen ta fohBeen looking for yen ta foh
4 It's first time being here. Right after hiking, so so hungry. Went to Atlantic square for many times before and noticed this restaurant . I'd recommend shrimp and squid chu che. I love the Pat Thai here, just same as we had back in Thailand. Definitely would come again.
4.5 Friend recommended the place so I tried it for the first time today.Server was attentive and friendly!We tried:- Pad Woon Sen- Sizzling Spinach with Tofu- Seafood Tom Yum - Thai Tea We enjoyed every dish, except I've had better Pad Woon Sen. It was a bit bland! But overall each dish was good.The tom yum was around $20, but it came with a variety of seafood, not just your usual shrimp and mussel. It was a large portion as well.
4.3 I've been here a serveral times and I still love the sizzling spinach that has peanut sauce all over. Great tasting and healthy.
4 The soup that comes with the lunch special tastes so gooooood!! We ordered spicy catfish, mixed vege with tofu, and garlic and pepper squid and shrimp. I also got Thai iced tea with boba which is a little sweet but it's just the nature of Thai tea. I'd definitely come back to this place!
5 The lunch special is from 11am-3pm and comes in large portions with soup or salad and fried fontina and steamed rice!
5 Best Thai Food in the area, has been eating at this place 5 years ago!  But first time to comment lol Never go wrong if you are looking for real thai food! Highly recommend!!!
5 I love Thai food! Love their spices and different flavors that just get your mouth watering!! My love for Thai food grows and grows.I come to Thai paradise about every two months for Thai food if I'm. Not feeling adventurous to try other Thai places.Just hate their prices seem pretty high for it but I still cave in. Love recommendations: green curry (level 3/4), red curry (3/4), Thai paradise beef (that green sauce is the start), always get Tom yum koong, and pineapple fried rice (they have other dishes that are great but always seem to get at least on of these each visit)?See my pictures :)Also take use of their 4 different sauces (jalapeño, spiced vinegar, spice powder, and hot sauce) Love condiments!!
3 Pretty poor Thai food. Most of the five-star reviews are because they had an offer where you get free Thai iced tea if you rate (before getting your food).
4 Good for groups! Came here for the first time for my cousins graduation and they were able to seat a party of 13. Service was good and food was yummy! Highly recommend the beef salad, pad Thai and tom yum.
4 The food is avarage and so is the service. I am really picky when it comes to Thai foods. Wanna try it out since it closes to my house. However, it didn't impress me or anything. It is just regular Thai restaurant. Nothing was crazy about this place. I will come back if I have to, other than I won't go here to enjoy my Thai food experience.
4 Okay lunch place for Thai food.  Lunch specials are $5.99 to $7.99 until 5:00 PM.  The food was tasty and fresh with the exception of my Thai BBQ beef which was lukewarm.  The flavor was good but bbq needs to be served hot.I wouldn't make a special trip out here since there are other tastier places in Hollywood but for a local joint, it's A-OK.
5 A bit overpriced for thai food, but really good quality!Ordered the pad thai, beef salad, and panang curry. The Pad Thai is one of the best i've ever had! and Beef salad? I know that sounds weird, but it's tangy and oddly refreshing! Panang curry was mediocre... my least favorite of the three.I would have given them 5 stars, but their live music was SO loud that I couldn't even hear my friends talk. I wouldn't have minded if I wanted to go to concert, but all I wanted to do was catch up with some friends with some food! But that was really hard to do with the 2 old asian men singing their versions of the Beatles.
4 Their potak soup was a bit salty but other than that everything else was pretty good.  The waiter was nice and attentive.  Will definitely come back to try their other dishes!!
4 I typically like eating Thai with a few friends so that we can order a bunch of food and share. One curry or pad Thai is never enough! It's always better potluck or family style cuz you can get a taste of everything. Came here with a few friends and we did exactly that. Got the basil fried rice, beef salad, pad Thai, and green curry. All came out delicious. The curries served here have great flavor, seasoned well. They're not too overpowering, very delightful with rice. Pad Thai and pad see ew are always good as well. We opted for the pad Thai this time, but both are equally tasty. The tom yum is really good, spicy and sour, gives a nice kick before or during dinner. I've had the papaya salad here as well, it's pretty amazing. I really enjoy the way they season it, and the papaya slices are cut just right, making it easy to enjoy. It's fresh and light, and always pleasing to the stomach. To wrap up dinner, I like ordering the mango sticky rice. It's only served when mangoes are in season, which is the earlier parts of the year when warm. For drinks, Thai iced tea is always good. I don't get it cuz it's too sweet for me though. Service here is superb. All workers arepolite and there are always plenty of tables to accommodate their guests. Highly recommended!!
4.3 I love the curry,The taste is amazinggg!And the thai tea is the best....And the place is very comfy also their server is very niceeee
4.7 Their chow main was not at all good, but their shrimp fried basil rice was very tasty. If I were to go back it would be strictly for the rice and nothing else.
4.5 Excellent food and drinks. I have been coming for many years. It has a great variety of dishes. Super fast service. They have many TVs, is great to watch sport games while eating. Very convenient location.
4 It was delicious thankyouthe presentation of the foods was great and the coconut chicken and mushroom soup delicious
3.5 Really nice interior and servers are welcoming! Will be coming back, free drink (Thai tea, soda, or Thai coffee) with a yelp review! Ordered spicy basil chicken with tofu2/10/18
4.5 The service is amazing. The staff is polite. The food is amazing. They are on it when it comes to you and your needs. I would definitely come here again. I highly recommend it.
4.5 3 stars, like my old post, but here's more stuff to add --Service here is actually pretty good.  They're very attentive, but I don't think they know how to ask if you need any more dishes/are you satisfied.  Haha.  My mom had to order more rice since their noodle dishes didn't come with rice.  They're kind of "cheap" when they don't include soup/salad for every lunch special you order (e.g. we ordered 5 dishes for 4 people, and only 2 of us got to choose salad or soup).  Oh yeah, this place is DIM.  So dim that you rely on the daylight for your source of light.  Can we turn on the lights a lil bit?  When we came in, they also decided not to give us the lunch menu (and only their dinner menu.. i don't think this was a mistake since this happened to 2 other parties after us!).  My mom had to ask for that.  You can't be soooooooo cheap now, can you?
4 The service is great, but the dishes need to up it a notch.  Don't be fooled by the authentic look.  I usually go during the lunch hour and am not really accustomed to the "American" trend of fried wontons and salad.  I really don't know if it's just me, but when it comes to the pad thai (one of my must haves at Thai restaurants), all I can taste is the sauce.
4 o8.24.11It's nice to have Thai food once in a while.I've been there twice and found the dishes are decent, well, so far for the once I've ordered. =] I really liked the shrimps they have in the dishes, or maybe it was just that one day, b/c it was really fresh!It is so far my favorite Thai restaurant in SGV and they have great services. Worth a try~
4 Dropped in for lunch in a group of four and we were seated right away. It was a late lunch, so it was pretty empty. Service was prompt. We ordered pad thai, pineapple fried rice, some sort of BBQ chicken, and beef strips. Everything was delicious! No complaints about anything. I especially enjoyed the sauces that came with the chicken and beef. The sauce that came with the chicken was sweet and spicy while the sauce that came with the beef was spicy and refreshing. Very yummy on a hot day! I tried the Thai tea from my bf, but I found it a tad too sweet. As for the complimentary dessert, it was like a sweet soup with al dente purple rice. I actually really enjoyed it and I gobbled it all up.4 stars for yummy Thai food!
4 I like this place. it's pretty cheap and the service is fast.  My boyfriend doesn't like it because its a little greasy, but overall its yum. Who knew though, that you can request for them to cook your food with less oil?!I have two complaints about our recent visit; no parking, I realize it was a friday but I was surprised because I have never struggled with parking. Two, no mango with sticky rice, OMG, are you kidding?
4.5 Very good Thai food in the Monterey Park area. I often order to go but haven't eaten there, so I can't comment on the service. They're across the street from the 99 Ranch plaza on Atlantic and Garvey.The food is tasty. I usually order pad see yu with beef, Chinese broccoli with tofu and sometimes crab fried rice. You can request spiciness from 1 to 10. I like to get 10 and I will tell you that it is not spicy enough for my taste.Cost is reasonable, under $12 for most dishes. There's plenty of parking in the back at the Ocean Star lot and also curb parking on Atlantic.
4.5 Kim Cameron, Valencia, CAFor 10 people, we ordered: 2 Pad Thai Chicken1 Egg rolls 1 Thai Paradise Salad 2 Pad Thai (seafood) 1 Green Curry (Chicken) 11 Pad See- Ewe beef 1 Pad See-Ewe Combo 1 1X Pad Kee Mow Combination 1 Fried Rice White RiceEverything was good. I wasn't crazy about the Pad Thai, but I'm not crazy about Pad Thai in general. By the way, what we ordered was about 3 orders too many. We had a ton of extra food. Oh, and great service, nice atmosphere, and fantastic Thai Tea!!
4.3 I was visiting a site in Azusa and our counterparts suggested we have lunch at Thai Paradise.The service was great.  It wasn't as busy but we did go for an early lunch. The dining area is well kept and it was a comfortable setting. The servers checked on us constantly and kept a water glasses filled. (It was a hot day.)I have to say that the dishes were amazing. We ordered the thai iced tea, seafood soup, chicken/beef satay, pad thai and vegetables with meat. The seafood soup had ample seafood in it. There were four in our party we each had a taste of all the crap, shrimp, mussels, scallops, etc. We also ordered the spicy so it was extra yummy.  The chicken and beef satay were season just right. It was moist and it seemed to melt in our mouths.  The peanut sauce and cucumber was complimented the meats.  The pad thai was devoured in no time. Again, seasoned just right with the right about of meats so that every time we took more, there was meat in the serving. The vegetables were fresh and I well cooked. Crunchy enough but not soggy.I didn't know that dessert was part of the meal. The red bean, coconut, and rice mixture was a nice ending to all the savory food we consumed.I will definitely visit Thai Paradise again when I'm in the Monterey Park area.  If you are ever in the area, stop on by.
5 I'm a regular here. I always come with my boyfriend. His favorite dish is the Thai paradise beef. Mine is pad see ew or pad Thai, coconut soup, green curry, shrimp/squid with curry. I got the lard salad this time and tofu pad Thai. We both got fresh coconuts for drinks..the food tastes amazing. I really love their deep fried green tea ice cream..it's bombdotcom. It's layered with bread, French toasted then drizzled with chocolate syrup. I still haven't tried their durian ice cream or mango sticky rice yet..must try next time.
4 I decided to grab lunch here because it is next to Half & Half express and street parking was readily available.  My plan was to head next door after lunch for my fav boba milk tea.  AaaaahWe arrived after 2:00 pm and it was still within lunch special time which was good because I like the lunch special prices.  I got even happier when the list had over 30 items to choose from!  I told my friend to save room for dessert: Mango sticky rice or Durian sticky rice ice cream.  Well, my friend is white so guess which dessert she chose? Yep...not the Durian...damn gwai por...We liked the food but thought they were too salty.  The portion size was great for lunch items and our server was pleasant who kept the water glasses full.  Overall, it was a pleasant experience.
1 Great service. Best thai food in town! The Thai mango and pad Thai is favorite.I've been coming here for years now and never once was disappointed.  They are as authentic as it can get. The waitress and waiters are super friendly and makes you feel comfortable.  We always have family dinners here for special occasions.
5 I've been coming here for a long time. My favorites are the beef salad and basil fish. Those are always consistent and never disappoint. The tom yum soup is also very flavorful. Food comes out quick and service is always great as well. Can't go wrong with good food at good prices!
5 This is my favorite Thai restaurant in my area. it is so authetic and so closby my house. The curry is more spicy than I thought but it is still tasty though. The owner and waitress are Thai. You have to come to try yourself. There are plenty of parking spaces in the structure. I also like that it's across the street from Atlantic square and it's good to walk around.
3 Great service! It is only $7.99 and up for the lunch special with choice of salad or tom yum soup, main dish, & side of rice.
4 Crab fried rice:  good flavor and decent amount of food for ~$15.  Food came fast and service was friendly.  They said they would give us free egg rolls but I didn't see that.Overall:  I would be back to try other dishes.
5 Whenever my sister craves for Thai food we always end up here or the location on Las Tunas/Main. Place is good to hit up when you're looking for Thai food. Some dishes I would recommend are Green Curry Beef, Pad Thai, and Spicy Chicken Basil with soft tofu. My personal favorite is the Spicy Chicken Basil w/ Soft Tofu. The soft tofu is actually fried on the outside as well. Sometimes the food ends up being really spicy even though you ask for like not spicy, or ends up not being spicy when asking it to be spicy. I prefer coming here for lunch because of the lunch specials, which make the place much more appealing to people who spend $8 at most on a meal. I wouldn't recommend this place for take out though. I occasionally pick up Pad Thai or the Green Curry Beef and jeez it is no where as good if you just ate at the restaurant. It feels like it's prepared lousy for to go orders. Sticky Rice w/ Mango is an awesome dessert! I love having the sticky rice, not so much on the mango though. If you've never had Sticky Rice before this is a dessert you need to check out if it's your first time coming here. My main dislike about this place is that it's not always the same. Sometimes some of the plates don't taste as good as another time you've been there. Other times it's so amazing you always want to keep coming back. So if you go and it tastes wack, give it another shot before completely avoiding the place. Check it out for lunch before you decide coming here for dinner though. The place can get crowded on weekend nights, shows that the place has to be pretty good for it to be packed don't you think?
4 Generally I'm pretty hesitant to try Thai food when the joint is surrounded by Chinese restaurants, but since my parents chose this place, I went along with it.  I ended up being pleasantly surprised.  Some misses, but some hits as well.Our party of 4 ordered:Beef satay- well made.  The beef was tender and not chewy at all.  Peanut dipping sauce was on the oily side.Pad thai with seafood- it was average.  I think what was missing was the fresh kick of lime that makes this dish so good.  This dish, while cooked fine, tasted a bit flat.Roasted duck curry- very tasty, plenty of duck.  Great flavor.Crispy pork with gai-lan- I was disappointed in this dish as the pork had the distinction of being hard but not crispy.  Also, it tasted a bit lukewarm.
5 I love your Tom yun goong noodles and your country chicken. Also your service is so nice and perfect.My kids like your rice and soup.
5 Very cozy place with attentive staff, would recommend to family and friends in and outside the area. Nice price dishes and quality meals with soft music in the background. I've been to my shares of Thai restaurants but this one stands out in Alhambra at the corner of Atlantic and Garvey, across from 99 markets.
4.3 This restaurant has great service and the foods are tasty.  I have come here so many times and the taste of the foods never disappoint.  The price is reasonable and the cleanliness of the restaurant is excellent  love it ! Five stars for this restaurant.
4.7 I loved the atmosphere of the place. They paid attention to details and maintaining a consistent theme through out the whole space, making you feel like you're in a different place altogether. We ordered a tom yum kai, a pork jerky, and a fried shrimp dish. All tasted authentic. The dipping sauce gave a distinct experience.
4.5 I love the ambience in here. The waitress helped us right away and the food was good! Need to come more often!
4 Great thai place. The pad thai had a lot of flavor. We dont live in the area but if we were in the area and wanted thai we would definitely go here.
3.5 Best Thai qce that I've ever eaten at. I typically don't like eating Thai food, but this place is my exception. I love eating here with my mom. The service here is great and the vibe is welcoming.
4.5 This is some of the best Thai I've found in SoCal. The tom kah gai is delicious and they made the spicy just right, just the way I like it. Great prices and very helpful friendly staff. I will definitely return to explore more of the menu.
4.5 So far has the soup which was quite tasty. Very sour but flavorful.  Trying to get the drink
4 Great lunch specials. Plus the Thai Paradise Beef is worth coming back for again and again.j
4 The best Thai restaurant I ever try, their service  and food is thumbs up. Not regret to eat here.For people who read my reviewI recommends to order food that most selling here:-Tom ka Chicken (Top 1)-Pat thai Seafood (Top 5)-Yellow curry Chicken-Steam fish with lemon sauce-Pork Jerky (Top 2)-Mix Satay (Top 3) -Spicy Basil Chicken Soft Tofu (Top 4)-Thai Paradise BeefAnd for Dessert I very recommended-Mango Sticky Rice -Fried Ice CreamOhh and almost forgot for beverage I very recommends (Thai Tea) & (Thai Coffe )Thank you
4 I've been eating here since middle school and I've watched this place slowly go down hill. Today was a bad experience. I ordered chicken pad see yew and my mom ordered the spicy noodle. When the meal came, I noticed it was mostly vegetables. The pad see yew barely had any noodles or chicken. It was mostly green. They even had the audacity to hide cabbage under the spicy noodle to push up the amount of noodles and make the bowl look larger.  It wasn't bigger... It's actually a small portion.... With cabbage hiding under a thin layer of noodles. At least the taste was fine but I'm disappointed with what they're doing with the meals.
4 Out of all the Thai restaurants in the Monterey park area... This one was my favorite and the most authentic. We ordered the super tom yum which came with glass noodles, fish cake, fish balls and, shrimp. The broth was spicy (although the I'll ask for it spicier next time!) and had a lot of tang to it!! Boyfriend got pad Thai with pork and for our appetizer we got chicken satay. The portions were big and you get a free dessert!!!
4.5 Came here with friends and had a really good time. Our server Sergius is so friendly and knowledgeable about the menu...we had roasted duck curry...love it heikeng ,fish cake and tom yam... everything came out great. Def will come back.
3.6 Once you're inside, the decor and the staff makes this place have an authentic Thai feel.  There's many statues and ornaments accented with gold throughout the restaurant, which makes the place bright and lively.The food seems authentic to me.  This time I had the satay beef & chicken, seafood pad thai, and Tom Ka Kai (a spicy coconut, muchroom, and chicken soup).  I ordered mild and I still thought it was pretty spicy.  Everything I've ordered from here are usually very tasty and flavorful.
4.5 One of my fave Thai places! Their larb salad is to die for!! Especially if you love lemon!!
5 Back again for another yummy dinner. Kids  love the pad thai. Family time after long say. Spicy papaya salad for us.
5 Great thai dinner. Close to hone. Eating dinner with family. Free thai coffee drinks yipppee. Yummmy.
5 Very good service, employees are very nice. Love the environment, not too loud. Waited a while for other party members and staff was very still very nice.
2 Very good service, employees are very nice. Love the environment, not too loud or crowded
3 This is pretty cool place love the service the pad Thai is really good and they serve you quick as well they don't take too long serving you food
5 Their food was great, however I was not able to take a pic of them, because I was busy enjoying the food! Their customer service was amazing too! They gave us a free treat for my friend's birthday & red rice porridge for each of us! I definitely would come back here for the food and service! Thank you! The waiters were Indonesian, which is awesome because so am I! The cooks are Thai of course. Thanks for the delicious food!
2 Comfortable environment and great service。 it Has been around forever but im first time here。
4 Really delicious food at a reasonable price. Clean place, attentive staff would highly recommend this place for Thai food.
4 It's great! Love coming here! Pad Thai is excellent and the service is quick. We get carry out from here a lot and it's good.
2 Love their Chicken Pad See Ew and Chicken Pad Thai (~$12 each)! Very fast service and large portions -- one entree lasted me a little more than 2 meals, so definitely worth the price. I often order takeout from here, and I have found that I actually get more food that way? Maybe it just depends on the day and who's making it though... The Pad See Ew isn't too sweet, which I loved, and they actually give a decent amount of veggies and meat. I'm not generally a Pad Thai fan since it's always made a little too sweet for my taste, but I actually enjoyed Thai Paradise's version of it. The only soup I've ever has is the Tom Yum with chicken. I enjoyed the strong lemongrass flavor. I only wish they gave more mushrooms and less chicken (too dry in my opinion, but they give plenty of it). Staff is very friendly and attentive, and parking is easy, so I'd definitely recommend trying out this delicious Thai eatery!
5 I am writing this in order to get a free drink, but so far the ambiance of the restaurant is nice and the service has been good so far.
5 The food is great, and the environment of this restaurant is clean, and not noisy!!! The service is very nice!!  Definitely recommend to my friend!!!
4.3 This place used to be a decent Thai place. But sadly i can't say the same now. Today, I ordered a yellow curry, pad sew and basil ground beef. The potatoes in the curry was still raw, the ground beef is chewy like gum, and the pad sew taste sour. I definitely would not come back!
4.3 Our experience at Thai paradise checks all boxes on what to expect eating thai food. The waiter was nice to us and service was excellent . Parking could be a problem depending on what time you  come to eat
4.5 This is my favorite Thai restaurant in San Gabriel! Love taking my kids here to eat, we're always craving it.
4 If you want something spicy, the Come Here! Level 5/10 is already spicy. I went with 8; it is tolerable, it can burn, but perfect for myself on this rainy day. Delicious food. Had the Beef Noodle Soup and Spicy Catfish lunch. Highly recommend!
3.5 It was good. Great service. Had to wait alot of people. Had the soup tom yum it was ok. Spicey sour mushrooms but did not like. The yellow curry is great the curry sauce must try. The pad thai is good but not great kids like it. Chicken satay is ok but the peanut hot sauce amazing.
4.5 The foods are good. The papaya salad is fresh and yummy. The coconut curry so go Their service is very nice!
4.5 The foods are good. The papaya salad is fresh and yummy. The coconut curry so good.  Their service is very nice
4 My first time here, I walked in and was very impressed with all the wood detailing which is very well known in Thailand.Very good authentic Thai food.Love the pork jerky with sticky rice  and you can't forget the papaya salad I asked for it level 7 spiciness and it was perfect for me.It's a little pricey but worth it.
4 Really good Thai food, pad Thai, crab fried rice, string beans with curry! Service is really good and quick
4 This Thai spot is on point. We ordered Tom yum soup and several other dishes. Definitely will be visiting this place when in SoCal.
4 Great place for authentic Thai food. My favorites here are the beef stew noodles and the pineapple fried rice. I love eating spicy, and they really heat things up. Plenty of parking as well, since it's in a plaza
4.5 Great place for authentic Thai food. My favorites here are the beef stew noodles and the pineapple fried rice. I love eating spicy, and hey really heat things up. Plenty of parking as well, since it's in a plaza
4.4 Bad delivery driver!!!  I ordered dinner from this place tonight and have it delivered to my place after the driver came to my door I pay with cash for my order and also gave him some tip money. apparently he wanted more tips and start giving me attitude about the tip was not enough. He then told me to go pick up my order next time don't ask for delivery. Word of caution to all. be careful when you order takeout from this place the driver may asked you for more tips.
3.6 got the yellow curry,  pat see ew, broccoli and beef, and chicken and beef skewers. We got our food within 10 minutes. It was Good food and speedy service. That's what I like!
5 Gotta start this meal, i mean review with the Moo Ping of course. Their pork skewers is delish!  Their Papaya salad is the perfect complement to the skewers. My wife loves their tom yum goong. Can't leave this place without dessert though. The Mango Sticky Rice is a must have. The luscious coconut cream goes so well with the glutenous sticky rice and fragrant mango sliced. Also love the house dessert and usually order a large cup for later.
3 Came here with friends before our ktv session.  Wanted some Thai food so came to this restaurant. The environment and atmosphere were very nice. We ordered pai Thai, red curry, and a veggie. Everything was very tasty! I really enjoyed the food! Will def come back again!
5 Stir fried spinach was very salty. Chinese broccoli with salted fish was salty too but not as much as the spinach. Deep fried fish fillet was delicious. Service was good.
4 Food is so delicious.....staff is very friendly.....would highly recommend for families or dates.
5 Nice place! I like the restaurant environment first, the style is like traditional culture. Food is valued, price is reasonable, and I like the Mango Sticky Rice very much!!! Traditional Thai dessert.
3 Delicious food. Ordered takeout and it was great. They got everything we ordered and it was very well packed
5 Nice environment and friendly staff. The smell of the shop is well infused with thai flavor.
1 Good neighborhood Thai restaurant with ample parking at the back. Try their spicy catfish!
3 If you're looking for great Thai food in the Monterey Park area this is the place to go. The food is always great. The service is great, fast and the servers are extremely nice. The coconut soup is incredibly well made. Love this place.
5 The price of the lunch special is awesome. Good food delicious Thai coffee and the price is good.
4.5 This place is one of my go to Thai food places. I like the pad see ew, crab fried rice too. My cousin got me hooked on the mango sticky rice. All so very yummy. They also deliver! BONUS. I get great service too.
3.6 Great food and fast delivery. We ordered the fried calamari, fried tofu, crab fried rice and veggie curry. All good. Only thing is the curry was too spicy.
4.5 Service is great and food is delish. I ordered the pad Thai and the tom yum goong noodle soup. Loved the pad Thai but I can pass on the noodle soup. I would definitely come back to try other dishes.
4 I was originally going to go to my usual Thai spot, however, I did not feel up for the drive. First, thing I did was search on Yelp "Thai Spot" and this place popped up. I gave it a shot, I was pleased with the service & the food. We got seated quickly and the food arrived in a timely manner. The best part of all was the complimentary dessert. Surely, I will be back.
3.5 Great lunch deal! I love their food. It's one of the better Thai restaurants out there, and the atmosphere feels very authentic. This place is vegetarian friendly as well. I would also recommend their sticky rice durian ice cream.
4.5 To start off, I would totally give more stars if I could, as over used as that is said, it's true about this restaurant!It's so close to home so it's very convenient to just head on over. I'm always excited to go eat here because everything is so so so good!!There pad thai is bomb, as well as their skewers in chicken or beef! I tried their yellow curry once, I'm not a big fan of curry, but it was good, given I don't like it. Their thai is also a staple, I can never finish mine considering it gets me all jittery but it's amazing nonetheless.The service is amazing as well. Waiters always attentive and double checking if the order it right. After you receive your food, they will come and check in on you often enough, where it's not bothersome.And my favorite part is at the end, when you have to pay, they give you rice putting, on the house. I LOVE THIS SO MUCH. It's so good, I love the sweetness. They give you small individual servings for your party, so two people: 2 bowls, 6 people: 6 bowls.They also deliver if you call in an order, but if I remember correctly it's as long as you're in their 5 mile radius. But you can also call in an order and come pick it up, so it's whatever you want really.
4.5 At one time this was my favorite Thai place to go.  Within the last year, food has not been the same, not sure why.  I loved every dish, but not anymore, sad cuz now I have to travel far to get my Thai food.  Prices have gone up too!  And less serving.
4 Good Food! We ordered the shrimp wontons for starter and pad thai for our meals. There was so much food. Portions are great and the food tastes great.  Good service too.
4 We order satay, pad Thai, beef noodle, papaya salad.The beef satay is very dry.Pad Thai is too sweet and dry.Beef noodle not salty enough.Would recommend another Thai restaurant, Crispy Pork Gang. Won't come here again due to the taste of the food.
4 I always have a good meal at Thai Paradise Monterey Park. My family has been coming here for years. I always get the Tom Yum soup, Padthai and Soft Shell Crab. Food comes out super quick and service is excellent.
4 Everything we ordered was delicious! We ordered pad Thai, Panama curry, clams with chilli sauce and Tom yum soup!
4.5 Thai Paradise has good food in a pleasant atmosphere.I would recommend this restaurant.Had the garlic chicken which had more mushrooms than chicken.Came with a group of 7 others for lunch.There fountain is visible but all sodas come from a can.Go figure...
4.5 Great food!!! Usually order delivery, their portions are plentiful just be sure to request hot sauce and plenty they tend to only put one container.  Other than that flavor is great!!
3.6 Amazing !!! The thai tea is to die for and the curry was so hot and spicy just the way i like it ! Lol
1 5 stars for good service, nice waiters and BOMB food. We ordered plenty for six people and finished everything with a smile on our faces. I highly recommend this place for mouth watering Thai food.
5 Such great value for their lunch special, their pad thai is great and the portion to be honest is HUGE! I would definitely come here again, no kidding!
5 Sweet pad thai and such great value for the price! Love it, would come here with my friends again!
5 Hands down the best place for thai beef salad.  Their beef are sliced and always tender.  The dressing/marinade for the salad is to die for and always spot on.  It's citrusy, tangy, refreshing, and just plain addictive. Everything else here is just ok, nothing special. Can be pretty expensive if you choose to eat here for dinner. Their lunch prices are a lot better,  so you can order more variety without breaking the bank :)
5 Nice big and clean Thai Restaurant, great for large parties and a huge selection of different foods to choose from. Your traditional Tom yum soups, pad Thai and curries but they also expand with even a whole large fish that can be ordered or a huge sizzling pot of soup over a burner can come right at your table!
3 Was so delicious ! Don't even live in the area but heard such great things about this place that we had to go and let me tell you it's worth the drive !! The prices are good and the food came fast and fresh and the portions are good as well between four people we ordered BBQ beef , chicken fried rice , lard Na (noodles), Tom Yum Goong soup . I will be back the waiter and waitress were so helpful and nice love it here !!
3 I always come here when I'm craving some traditional pad thai. It's always very consistent and never disappoints me.
5 Thai Paradise was very clean and service was very fast. Very friendly also.  The thai ice tea was very good. Great place for dinner.
4 Picked up about five different dishes to go. Pad Thai, pad see yew, some curries etc. Nothing out of the ordinary. All dishes had no flavor. The food was so bad we all lost our appetite. Ended up only eating about 25% of it and then we decided to throw the rest away. It was that bad. Never coming here again. I honestly don't know how they are still in business in the SGV.
3 Great staff very friendly. I ordered pad tai with beef and it was awesome. Parking is a private lot but gets full with others businesses in the structure. Meal was fresh and savory will be back again ! And they deliver locally !
4.4 Decent/average food, service, portions and prices. I ordered drunken noodles and she got Panama curry. Both OK.
4 Didn't try many stuff there but definitely will visit again. Tom yum noddle was really good! I loved it!
4.5 Absolutely delicious! Got Yellow curry with vegetables. Plus the man who served us was so sweet and helpful! Loved the customer service and the waiters smiles. Thank you! I'll be back !
4 My favorite dish here is paradise fried rice~ to be honestly, I hate fried rice and never order fried rice wherever restaurant I go except Thai paradise! I love it so much I always have the Thai paradise fried rich with their house hot sauce! If i ordered to go then I will use sriracha instead~  it's so spicy but I like it ~ that's why I need to write a review for a coke ^^
3.5 One of my favorite Thai places around the area. My usual go to's are the green curry with pork and pad see ew. The spicy basil chicken with tofu was a new dish I tried apart from my usual dishes. So delicious. Thai paradise never fails to hit the spot and satisfy my Thai food craving.
4.5 I ordered the Pad Thai with shrimp! It was super filling and delicious. It wasn't too spicy either. I enjoyed their ice coffee. It has a a perfect blend of strong and sweet. If you're going to order a drink this is the perfect one to wake you up. I enjoyed the atmosphere. The waiter only came to see me a couple times though so I suggest improving the go around. Overall, I had a great experience.
4.5 The food was really good. But the Tom yum soup, papaya salad, and spicy duck was reeeeeally salty. I had to put a whole cup of hot water in my bowl of soup to dilute it, and it was still too salty. I like spicy, salty, and sour stuff..  but these dishes were overly salty.
4 We ordered these below (to go):Chicken garlic sauce $10.95 = liked the flavor but meat was very small... thin sliced crumbs...Duck noodle soup $9.95 = I know duck goes well w/ sweet flavors but still the soup was too sweet for me. #17 Tom Yum Goong (L) $12.95 = this was the most disappointing one. I love tom yum goong and always order it at a Thai restaurant. It's not so hard to make it good either. But theirs was super bland. Watery taste. If I rate this restaurant just based on this soup, I would give one star. I don't know if today was just a bad day. Maybe. I'm gonna add the tom yum goong paste that I have at home to this, or I can't really eat it. :(#60 Three flavor shrimp & scallop $15.95 = decent but it's also expensive.Small rice $1 = surprisingly and unexpectedly I liked it! lol Fluffy and slightly sticky. #89 Crab fried rice $11.95 = not bad, it's hearty, but still lacks of flavors. 4 egg rolls (complimentary) = I would've given this place two stars, but they are nice to give us complimentary egg rolls, which are light & crispy outside, so decided to add an extra star! lolTax $5.65Total cost $68.40 + tip (we gave a few bucks for a tip even though it was a takeout, so we paid a little over $70 total.)First of all, I LOVE Thai food. My favorite Thai restaurant in LA is Ruen Pair in Hollywood. But going there is a little hectic because of the traffic around the area. So we decided to try Thai Paradise, hoping it's good. This restaurant is more like a Chinese-Thai to me, rather than an authentic Thai restaurant. Taste wise, I even prefer Thai House and they are a lot cheaper. Overall, everything was nothing special with the price, except that the tom yum goong was unacceptable to me, and the potion of each dish was average. Over priced and over rated for what their food really tastes like, in my opinion. Sad to say but I won't go back.
4 Everyone here seems friendly. The service is also great.  The menu is easy to read, and the plates and utensils are clean.  The Thai ice tea is sweet and creamy.  They don't dump a ton of ice in it like other places.  The Pad See Yew I ordered was one of the best I've ever tasted.  This place is definitely a great place to fill your craving for Thai food!
4 Food is good but Customer service not good at all just because I told them my number they automatically thought I had no sense of where their location was just because my area code is 818 I was asked and passed the phone three times if I knew the location
4 Huge menu with lots of delicious Thai dishes. My fav is Steamed Fish with Lemon Sauce, which is a rare find!
4.5 My family came here for lunch. We ordered four dishes including their recommendation of fried beef with rice. The basil chicken, pad Thai are ok. But the recommended frites beef and the green curry beef are not good. Especially the fried beef was serviced like beef jerky with cold temperatures. We pointed the unqualified food to them, but the staff mentioned that this dish should be like that. If the dish should be as bad as it was, I am sure this would be the last time for us to go this place for meal.
4.5 I love the yellow chicken curry and the Tom yum kai soup from Thai paradise. We sometimes order from here on Saturdays but my family likes going here whenever we crave Thai food! Oh the pad see yew is bomb too!
3.6 Delicious thai food! Felt authentic and just like home! Lunch specials are really good deals, and still feel like family style portions
3 Came here with my family prior to moving into our new home, food was great and they even played a kids show(my daughter loved that). Ordered two pad si ew with beef, fish cake, and Thai iced tea with boba. A lot of seating and pretty cheap. I also ordered delivery through Eat24, that also went great!
3 This is my favorite Thai place because of their consistency in the following 3 categories: Cleanliness- from their food to bathroom, it all checks out Quality of cuisine- consistent over lunch specials and dinner, weekdays, and weekends! Service- fast, friendly and attentive. Best part of all? The black rice dessert. :)
3 UPDATE! They delivered our Pad see ew and it was delicious.  This place now deserves 5 stars. Oh, and their orange chicken! just how i love it.  Not too crunchy and extra meaty.  My bf prefers his with a little more crispness but, it passed his test lol and it got to us at the time we requested it to arrive. This is definitely my favorite delivery/take out place now. Oh, and the portions are big. Yup lol. That's all. Tried out this place on a whim. Got it for delivery and boy were they quick 22 minutes earlier then estimated. I would give a 5 star because the food was great unfortunately they got one of my items wrong. Ordered the Pad See ew and got Pad Tai which my bf and i are truly not a fan of but, seeing how they delivered i figured Heck! Let me try it and just see, well to be honest my fav pad tai from the many I've tried to see if i end up loving it anywhere lol but, we truly missed our Pad see ew. However, all in all the won ton soup and frid chicken won tons were great. Will definitely order again but, hopefully next time we get our Pad see ew.
1 General Info:-Expect price is about $15/per personPros:-In my opinion, the food is very good considering the its price and the portions that are given-I was really impressed by the restaurants décor and atmosphere. The tines I went it was lively but not too crowded, ideal for a date or night out.-It's located within walking distance to a lot of dessert places :pRecommendations: I got their sweet rice with mango for dessert and it was one of the best I've tried!
4 Excited first time eating Thai food and thank the heavens that I have the opportunity to come to Thai Paradise. I am so blessed to have tried the panang curry with chicken.
5 The coconut soup was delicious, and I really like their service. They take care of you and fast.
4 Clean place, good food, and good customer service. Can't wait to eat my late lunch. Always like the atmosphere here. Food is delicious!
5 Clean place, good food and good customer service. Can't wait to eat my late lunch. Always like the atmosphere here.
4 Great service! Best Thai pork jerky ever! Clean place and offers delivery for $20 minimum
5 The pad Thai is extremely good here! Service is very friendly :) will come back! The wait here is not bad at all, we came here on a Sunday afternoon. Tried out the chicken curry and pad Thai beef which was all very delicious
4.4 This restaurant is one of the few that I go to when I need my curry fix. It is close to home and prices are decent. Most of their dishes are tasty. I love that they offer the purple sticky rice dessert at the end of your meal. Good service but portion has gotten much smaller though.
4.2 The lady was nice over the phone and I heard allot of good things about this place so I had to try it
4.5 The food here is very good! Interior clean and staff very friendly I ordered the spicy basil duck and WOW! The taste was amazing(I ordered 7/10 spicyness) and truthfully it wasn't that's spicy ‍ anyways the seasoning was on point, the wonton they gave was crispy and the sauce for it, matched it well.I would definitely COME BACK if I didn't live so far
4 This is my go to place for thai food. I live close by and every time i crave pad kra paw, this is where i go.
3.5 I was excited to try their tofu yellow curry since I liked their Chicken yellow curry. It was not as flavorful. Wont be ordering the tofu yellow curry again.
4.5 Unique Thai food at this location, the drinks is authentic and uses real coconut juice. The prices are on the pricier side for Thai food but worth the experience
4.5 Elegant looking restaurant with an area that looks like it is set up for entertainment! Attentive service- order taken quickly and friendly staff. The menu is extensive, although some dishes are on the pricer side, but worth the prFood was brought quickly, too! Always good for hungry bellies! Back at it for some more delicious Thai food!
4 Elegant looking restaurant with an area that looks like it is set up for entertainment! Attentive service- order taken quickly and friendly staff. The menu is extensive, although some dishes are on the pricer side, but worth the price. Food was brought quickly, too! Always good for hungry bellies!
4 Elegant looking restaurant with an area that looks like it is set up for entertainment! Attentive service- order taken quickly and friendly staff. The menu is extensive, although some dishes are on the pricer side. Food was brought quickly, too! Always good for hungry bellies! Back at it for some more delicious Thai food!
4 Elegant looking restaurant with an area that looks like it is set up for entertainment! Attentive service- order taken quickly and friendly staff. The menu is extensive, although some dishes are on the pricer side. Food was brought quickly, too! Always good for hungry bellies! Back at it for some more delicious Thai food!!!
4 Elegant looking restaurant with an area that looks like it is set up for entertainment! Attentive service- order taken quickly and friendly staff. The menu is extensive, although some dishes are on the pricer side. Food was brought quickly, too! Always good for hungry bellies! Back at it for some more delicious Thai food!
4.5 Elegant looking restaurant with an area that looks like it is set up for entertainment! Attentive service- order taken quickly and friendly staff. The menu is extensive, although some dishes are on the pricer side. Food was brought quickly, too! Always good for hungry bellies! :)
3.6 The food is good here. One of my favorite Thai food restaurant. Try their pad Thai. Their beef is good too as well as their Tom yum.
4.5 Excellent Food and Great Service ... Located in nice shopping center perfect for date night !
5 Thai basil with soft tofu and Tom yum soup is great and so is the service ! I come here often cause it's in Monterey Park!
5 This has become our local Thai restaurant. I like their Pad Thai, fried rice, and their garlic chicken. Their service is quick and attentive. I also love the decor of the interior.
5 Everything is good! Seriously... you can't go wrong with anything from their menu. GF and I have tried so many items and the flavors soo good! PS: just doing this review for the free drink ;)
4 Bomb Thai food with nice service. I love Thai people and their mannerisms. They have a lunch special so everything is under $10. Recommend highly!!
3 Bomb Thai food with nice service. I love Thai people and their mannerisms. They have a lunch special so everything is under $10. Recommend highly!!
4 This is an authentic Thai restaurant. Good Food menu and good customer service. Portions food is decent.
1 Overall, this place was at best a 5 out of 10. The food was mediocre to decent and the service was terrible. Our server came to the table fastest when it was time to pay the tab. Lol We decided to make the trip out here to meet with some family, and it was not too busy, so we were seated pretty quick. We sat down for maybe a good 10 minutes and had no server approach us. And in looking around the restaurant, it was half full with a section of the restaurant not available for seating. Finally, we waved down the server who took our drink orders, then once again disappeared, had to wave him down again. Placed our food order. We ordered the Tom Ka Chicken soup hot pot, chicken pad Thai, beef pad se ew, beef and broccoli, ginger chicken and steamed white rice. For the most part, the hot pot came out quick and was probably our favorite part of the whole meal. It was hot, rich with flavor, had enough chicken/mushrooms and we all praised the soup in high hopes of the other dishes to come. They brought out all of our dishes on paper plates and paper plates to eat on. I mean we might as well do take out if this was the case. It completely threw off our dinning experience to a mere indoor picnic experience. The food was at best, subpar, nothing special, and nothing to make a second trip for. The pad Thai was on the dryer side, okay flavor, and remaining dishes tasted like something I could have sautéed at home. The food did not have that authentic and rich Thai restaurant quality that we have had before. Mediocre spot, ambience is okay, service sucks, and there are definitely way better places to spend your time and money at.
5 The food was good and plentiful. The pad thai was a little dry, but yummy nonetheless. Service was really nice.
5 Good service and the food always satisfy my Thai food cravings! Love their papaya salad, but sometimes can be a little too nutty. Overall a solid place for Thai food in the area :)
2 Great service and more importantly really great food. Had the chicken pad Thai, Yellow curry, and Pineapple Fried Rice. All 3 delicious !! I ll be back!!
4 Great place. Good food and good price. Enjoyed our meal here. Will come again. Would invite friends. Great place to eat. Close by in Monterey Park.
4.3 Been here a few times and it has always been a great experience! Good food and good vibes, their spicy noodles with beef is my go to and it always hit the spot. If you get the chance, order their mango sticky rice, but unfortunately its a seasonal dish because the fruit isn't available during the colder seasons.
4.3 This restaurant has good Thai food. I usually get the pad Thai and the chicken stuffed wings. You can't go wrong with the other items!
4.5 Love the noodle specials here. The Super Tom Yum Noodle soup isbdelicoua. Just the right amount of tartness and spiciness with all the spices thrown in. We always get this when we come. Service is always attentive and excellent.
4 Good was reaaaallllyy good! Good prices! Pad Thai was really flavorful, would come back again! Came during lunch, they have quite for variety.
3.5 Service was great, food was really good. Definitely going back. I got the shrimp soup, pork fried rice and pad Thai. Definitely going back to try everything else.
4.5 11-17-20 Update.... Happy to report Thai Paradise is back to their culinary excellence for good food.
4.5 Missed the mark tonight. Food was terrible but service good. What happened to the chef ? As they say....one bad meal it's over.
4 Had their green curry, crab fried rice, papaya salad, and tilapia today. Every dish is extremely tasty at a decent price (~$10). Would definitely recommend!!!
4 The Tom Yum Noodle Soup was too salty although the shrimps were crunchy.The medium spicy tofu was not spicy
4 The Tom Yum Noodle Soup was too salty although the shrimps were crunchy.The medium spicy tofu was not spicy at all
4 The Tom Yum Noodle Soup was too salty although the shrimps were crunchy.The medium spicy tofu was not spicy at all
4.5 Thai paradise restaurant is our family fav restaurant to go! My kids love the Thai paradise beef and steam fist...
4.5 Best Thai food! My family fav restaurant! Steamed fish, tiger beef, naked shrimp are my fav..
4.3 Best Thai restaurant! We love going here... we actually go here twice a week.. Our favorite dishes are steam lemon fish, Thai paradise beef, and crab fried rice... This is our favorite Thai restaurant... nice and clean.. very good service...
5 This is one of my favorite Thai restaurants in the 626 area. The Pad Thai is my go to whenever I come here. It is absolutely delicious!
4 Delicious food, great service, and always happy to dine here.  Pork jerky is one of my faves!  Added bonus is the dessert at the end.
2 Delicious food, great service, and always happy to dine here.  Pork jerky is one of my faves!  Added bonus is the dessert at the end.
4 Went there just to try out their sticky rice with mango. The mango is very fresh and sweet. Sticky rice is also very good.
5 Good Thai place and it was packed. Got the Thai tea and wonton soup. The wontons were average, but enjoyed the meal overall
4 Great place for legit Thai food. Nice staff and great service! Been coming here for years!
4 I thoroughly enjoy the food here. This is our family's go to for family dinners. I highly encourage this place for all events.
1 I've been coming to this place for a long time! The food is good!!!!!! Pad thai is my favorite. They also have good lunch specials!
5 We ordered the Pad Thai, Ong Choi, green curry, beef salad, and spicy noodle. They were all good!
4 Great food, fast service, nice treatment.  Never long line to wait.Must try you won't regret it.
4.3 There are many choices of food. My friend and I came in for lunch at 2. We were seated right away by a nice and happy waiter. The place is clean. It is hard to find parking on the weekends. During lunch time, there is free side of salad or soup. When you are done eating, there is red bean dessert. If you write a Yelp review, you can also get a free drink. I ordered the duck noodle soup and my friend ordered the curry chicken. It was pretty good. Their food prices are reasonable so I would come back here.
4.2 Thai tea was great. Chicken soup is sour. Haven't tried meal yet because I wanted the free Thai tea in exchange for a review.
4.5 Drove up to Pasadena just to try this place. Lives up to its great reviews. Lunch specials apply even on weekends which was perfect for us. Ordered Pad Thai, Beef+Chicken Satay, and Shrimp Scallop Dish. More than we can eat but wanted try it all and we ended up really enjoying the meal. Most likely we will come again!
4 Came here on a Friday afternoon. Service is quick and friendly. The interior design is very modern as well. Parking was easy too. Definitely recommend to those looking for a quick bite.
3.5 They were able to accomadate our large group of 15 adults, 2 toddlers, and a baby in a stroller. Good fast service. Good flavors.
4.5 Good food, served hot.   Had the shrimp fried rice... lots of shrimp! Nice place for dinner with friends.  Would be back to try one of their specials.
4.5 I've always loved Thai food and luckily for me I did not have to wait too long in proportion of their high dinner demands. Got their satays and pork dishes with crab fried rice. Their Thai iced tea tastes the same as the ones I've had in Thailand. Highly recommend!!!
4 So happy to have chosen to eat here with friends, it's was my first time and definitely not my last!!! So yummy and delicious. Only sad thing is that we couldn't try everything, I look forward to coming back and experiencing all the other dishes!! Our server Sergius!! Haha, he was the best!!!
4 Great service, never that long of a wait. I can go here on a week night and receive a decent, reliable experience. If the beverages here are not your thing, there's plenty of drink shops in the same plaza.
4 In the simplest terms... great eats across the board. Great service and reasonably priced food. Whether lunch or dinner is on your mind, they definitely aim to please and make the dining pleasurable. Comfort food is full in effect!
4.5 Great food and awesome service Must eat at this placeGood portions and tasty authentic Thai foodsWas in this area and came to try this place I dnt regret atall My boys loved it
4 Good thai food. Thank you! I got the tom yum noodle soup. Very delicious for lunch meal
4.5 Thai Paradise has very friendly and helpfull customer service. The waiter fulfilled my requests and followed specification without charging me for extra broccoli. The Tom Yung soup who is very tasty and had a lot of shrimp more than other places I've been to. Ever tasted really authentic.
3.6 We usually order Shrimp fried rice, noodle and clear noodle salad here .food is good ,friendly service, highly recommended!
1 The Tom Ka kai and the pad see ew was average. This place didn't really stand out food wise, but the decor was really nice.
1 Formerly the famous St. Honor Cafe of the same owner who brought you JJ Hong Kong Cafe
5 I come here for their raw shrimp salad all the time and it is the best raw shrimps I have ever had.
5 I come here for their raw shrimp salad all the time and it is the best raw shrimps I have ever had.
1 I've been here many times, and this is one of my favorite Thai restaurants in LA. Their satay is great, and it is very well seasoned. The service is great, and they have very friendly staff. This place is one of the few places that is awesome even though it is not on tv. The mango and  sticky rice is very sweet and it is my favorite dessert. My favorite dish is the chicken satay and I always get it every time. Their beef satay on a stick is also very good. I definitely recommend this for everybody who wants great Thai food.
5 Best Thai food ! Love coming here for their lunch specials ! Service is good as well. I
5 Great place! Ordered their pad thai and it was amazing! They're extremely busy but they have still have fantastic service!
5 I love this place, food is really delicious and awesome service. The restaurant is very nice and clean. Price is very reasonable, I recommend their lunch special.
5 I love this place, food is really delicious and awesome service. The restaurant is very nice and clean. Price is very reasonable, I recommend their lunch special.
4 I love this place, food is really delicious and awesome service. The restaurant is very nice and clean. Price is very reasonable, I recommend their lunch special.
5 Great Thai place with nice service. Food tasted delicious and the desserts definitely were on point. Parking is a little messy, but worth it for the food.
4.4 Still a very good place for me to get my Thai food fix in the 626. No nonsense Thai dishes, in and out fast. They are also offering free Thai tea, Thai coffee, or coke with a review but it actually didn't sway my rating at all. They aren't 5 star status but definitely a good 4 star, and that's good for me! Plus, come during 11-3 for their lunch specials, which is basically what I love condensed in a good price with soup, salad, and steamed rice. Things that I love are green curry, red curry, pad Thai, pad see ew, lard na, lol everything... but yea, everything is good here!
4.2 I like this place. I used to go to the other one (see my review hahaha) but I moved closer and thank god there is one close by. Recently I would have killed to shove some pad Thai in my mouth and I was so lazy I didn't want to drive. Yelp told me there was one nearby and I could not believe my eyes. F yeaaaa. So naturally I came here and ordered pad thai with shrimp, thai tea, and moo ping sticky rice!!!!!!!!!! If you don't know what it is, it is beef on a stick (lol) with sticky rice and the best sauce ever. I don't know what sauce it is... Maybe it's fish sauce with lime and hot chili sauce? Even if I wanted to replicate it at home I wouldn't be able to do that. But anyway, did I mention I came here by myself? Hahahaha I had to eat it that badly. . . Sorry I'm fat. It's in the same plaza as the half half, macchiato, so just park behind and then come in to eat. Yum.
4.5 good place to go in Monterey Park. Ordered pineapple curry, and friends ordered pad Thai and the baby pork, they were decent.
4 The food is very good... we order pat Thai seafood , yellow curry... service is good.. good price
3.5 This place has great tasting food ! The service is efficient and has earned its stars for a great review. I am definitely going to keep coming back to this place !
4.5 Really nice atmosphere and the service was wonderful (: the food is delicious ! Just as it looks , it tastes just as good (:
4.5 Very nice and clean atmosphere , the food was very presentable and tasty ! Lots of space on the table to order as much food as you want , enough space between other tables too so it's not crowded. It offers a variety of food and the taste does not disappoint its appearance ! My favorite was the Tom Kha soup (:n
4 First time here and the setting is very chill. The service is friendly. We only came here to get the sticky rice with mango and cost about $8. The other plates here are around $12 so it's very decently priced. Sticky rice was definitely worth it!
4 Excellent pad thai and papaya salad. Also enjoyed the complimentary dessert at the end of the meal.
4 Food is fresh and service is good. I came during lunch special and price was very reasonable. I've ordered pad thai and tom kah. Both were very fresh and seasoned just right(not too salty nor sweet but just right^^) I'd definitely come back here! Interior is very peaceful and spacious!
4 Free drinks if you check in. Awesome. Nice place to eat and not crowded so it's comfortable
4.5 They did Wrong order terrible !!!!fake review!!!!!do not order here!!!!its fake reviews!!!!!fu
4.5 Pineapple Fried Rice was SO GOOD! This easily became my top place for Thai food, service was good, prices reasonable, and friendly environment. We also ordered the wonton soup, it's a definite must try!
4.3 I haven't been to this location for quite a while. I normally go to the one at Las Tunas. One of my friend wanted to come here. We ordered the pineapple shrimp fried rice, panang beef curry, Thai paradise beef and Tom yum soup with coconut, mushrooms and chicken. The food here at this location wasn't taste good as the one at Las Tunas san gabriel. Staffs here are  nice and very good service.
2 The pad Thai is really good. I do recommend getting it. If you get it combined with the spring rolls. I also recommend getting the Thai tea boba.
3 This place has a nice Thai ambiance. Immediately walking through the doors, you'll smell delicious Thai spices. Also checking in for free Thai tea!
4 This is probably the best Thai food place in Monterey Park. It's always good to come here when you want to try something spice and sour. I've been here a few times and like the food. I will keep coming.
2 Service at this location is much better than the one on Las Tunas.  Good is good as usual
5 Located next to half and half. My friend took me here once and I have to come back.  They have the best crab fried rice I have ever had. The pad thai is very tasty as well. Also, if you review them on yelp, you get a free drink including thai milk tea, which is delicious. Will definitely recommend this place to anyone.
5 Thai paradise is located in the Atlantic Plaza (same on as Half and Half and Macchiato ) There is another location in San Gabriel (Las tunas) but decided to give this a try since it was closer to my boyfriend and I. The ambience is nice and peaceful. You get greeted and seat right as you walk in. Came on labor day, but they did not offer lunch specials during lunch time but they have it any other day and it comes with your choice of soup or salad, fried wontons and rice. But I've had the food here before and it is pretty authentic ( like their pad Thai and red curry). Overall, not too bad of an experience. I will come back when I am craving Thai food.
5 Thai paradise is located in the Atlantic Plaza (same on as Half and Half and Macchiato ) There is another location in San Gabriel (Las tunas) but decided to give this a try since it was closer to my boyfriend and I. The ambience is nice and peaceful. You get greeted and seat right as you walk in. Came on labor day, but they did not offer lunch specials during lunch time for some reason ...  I thought it was kind of ridiculous that they did not serve rice with the curry unless you order it separately .. like why would I eat curry alone. But I've had the food here before and it is pretty authentic ( like their pad Thai). Overall, not too bad of an experience. I will come back when I am craving Thai food.
5 Excellent! We had the red curry, Tom ka and spring rolls. We got the Tom Ka level 5 spicy and it was just the right amount of spice. The red curry was thick and rich. Will definitely come back and explore the menu.
1 Good value for the lunch specials, which come with soup or salad. We got the Spicy Noodles and Pineapple Fried Rice ($8.95 each) and the portions were quite large. The taste was on point too. There aren't that many Thai options in MPK, so I will gladly return to satisfy my cravings.
4 One of my favorite Thai places to go to! Compare to Banana Bay, they have one of the best pad thai. Their seafood is definitely fresh and their noodles aren't as undercooked as Banana Bays'. I would highly recommend if you are in the area!
4 Food just okay it was overt seasoned and mostly all taste the same. Portions are good for the price.
4.3 This is my second time here and all the meals are delicious. Looking forward to come again.
4.3 This has been my go to Thai place for almost 10 years! I highly recommend the Thai Ribs, Tom Yum Soup (chicken), and beef salad. I've had beef salad in many places and this is by far the best! You can't go wrong the traditional noodles (Pad Thai or Pad See Ew are my favorite). Anyhow, food is great. Friendly service every time and I small dessert at the end of your meal. Also, have Thai coffee it's delish.
4.5 Really great place. I've been coming here since forever and the quality has maintained thru the years.
4 This restaurant is a nice little spot on Atlantic.    The staff is very friendly and helpful, and the restaurant itself is very kid-friendly.  The food is also very authentic and delicious.
3.5 Been coming here for years. Can never go wrong with the spicy basil chicken with soft tofu.
4.5 Love this resturant so much! Fast service & great food! Always my choice when I'm craving Thai food!
4.5 Clean location! Been going here with the family for awhile now but this is my parents favorite Thai restaurant. Staff speaks english well, no english barrier what so ever.
4 Quick sevice the food is delicious and definitely will come back for lunch special the pad Thai is just right
4 Convenient location, plentiful free parking in the back, which is a rare treat in east LA. Service was swift and prompt, although water refill time was a bit long. When I'm eating fairly spicy Thai food, I need that water refill STAT. Had the classic pad thai, it was the right level of moist and had large portion sizes. Read: pad thai for DAYS. Great to eat family style and share the dishes. Pricing was a bit higher than I expect for Thai food in Monterey Park (aka LA's capital of Asian cuisine aka The Real Chinatown aka Beverly Hills of Asian tourists), but with the large portion sizes, I'll let it slide.
4 We made reservations for a party of 9 a few hours beforehand and when we arrived the table was ready for us-no waiting.  We ordered family style and although the dishes were mostly pretty good,  the ones that stood out were the shrimp and scallops, and the clams. The fried tofu was a little bland however.  Water was kept full,  requests for extra this and that were fulfilled quickly,  and the waiters were all very friendly.  My family enjoyed the dinner we had at this restaurant.
4 I have no idea why this restaurant has 4.5 stars. I guess it is true that most of the Asian restaurants that has over 4 stars rating are bad.
4.5 Food is good. Always a seat available, so don't have to worry about the crowd. Overall a good family place since the dishes are big.
4.5 I love this place!!! This place is amazing!!! Their Thai tea and their curry is so good! The place is so clean and I really want some free Thai tea (:
4.7 This is one of my favorite thai restaurants in this area. I always order there spicy basil and steamed rice and it is my absolute favorite!! They also guve some rice desert in the end.They have music nights on the weekends where they play live music. The ambience of this place is nice and peaceful. I really like the customer service. Once, my fiance forgot his cellphone in the restaurant and as soon as we realized we called them, they kept the place open even after they were closed so we could come grab his cell phone.
5 First time: lunch time, a little crowded but the service is quick. Worthy of a 5 star. Review on the food is pending...
5 This is my go to for Thai food. Every dish hits the spot. I would definitely recommend the tom ka goong noodles and duck curry. Super flavorful and great balance of creamy and tangy.
4 I ordered from this place through Postmates. I got egg rolls, pad Thai and the coffee. The egg rolls were okay, but the pad Thai tasted old and the smell of the shrimp was so fishy it was gross. The coffee was terrible. I don't know if it's different in the restaurant, but I don't recommend this place at all!
5 I love there Tom yum  they also have lunch special.. I would recommend  you guys come here
5 We ordered the pad thai, yellow curry and rice and it was very good. Very flavorful and service was fast.
4 The food looks and tastes pretty authentic. Fair price as well. The larb is my favorites.
3 I good place, easy parking and traditional thai decoration! Price is reasonable and a lot choices of food!get the dishes very fast! Some dishes are ok but some are so so
5 Amazing food and ambiance. The shrimp cake is bomb! I will come back again. I recommend the fish cake!
3 Good lunch menu and Free parking on street and in the back. Usually get the pad thai or bbq chicken. This has become my go to spot in monterey park.
1 This place is so amazing the food is awesome!!! The soup was good!! The food was good!! I can't wait till I come back! It's clean and the people are friendly! Friendly environment and my visit was great. I'll be back soon
4.3 Came in on a Wednesday night. The waiter was extremely friendly and answered our questions about the menu. We got the crab fried rice, Tom yum soup and spicy noodles. All were great but the crab fried rice was my favorite. They also came by multiple times to check on us and refill our drinks.
4.3 I'm always about quality over quantity but in this case, it's both! It explains why they have been around for so many years. I ordered lunch here today and the pineapple fried rice was on fleek as the kids would say. We also had pad thai and that was good too. Service is always cordial. Bon appetit!
4.5 The pad thai is horrible. Sorry. I've ordered pad thai at many different thai restaurants and no one has ever done this dish so much injustice. How does a thai place called thai "paradise" not know how to make pad thai? cmon... The noodles were dry and the chicken... even more so. And not to mention... the service was bad too.  Not once did they check how we were doing after they took our order and it took us 2 attempts to get the check.   I would give them one star but at least the decor and their little dessert they gave us at the end was good(they got one thing right at least)Don't think i'll be back. Come at your own risk.
4 Yellow curry and pad Thai were pretty good.  Service was good and quick.  Pricing was fair
3.5 This is one on my favorite places to get Authentic Thai food! I come here every chance I can since I live in Ontario, I would definitely recommend anyone who would like some Thai food to come here!
4.5 The chicken satay is definitely delicious. The Penang curry is also pretty tasty. The parking especially on weekends are always hard. The food here is always good.
4.5 This place looks really clean and nice. The server placed us a table fairly quickly. Waiter was very nice and polite. Its nice knowing this place is rated A for cleanliness. My family and I love this place, we come here every year and would totally recommend to others
4 Friendly service & good food every time. I've tried spicy basil duck, pad see ew, pad thai, satay chicken, tom yum soup, and papaya salad; they were all great.
4 Friendly service & good food every time. I've tried spicy basil duck, pad see ew, pad thai, satay chicken, tom yum soup, and papaya salad; they were all great.
4 Everything good. Ordered beef satay and pad thai. No wait at all. Quality of the beef satay was amazing.
4 Haven't come for awhile, service and food still very good highly recommend. Thump up restaurant, best Thai restaurant in the area.
4.5 The food and service are good. Good choice for Thai food we ordered combination fried rice, combination chow mein, and orange chicken. Yum!
4.5 We've come here a few times and each time it's been really great food. Prices are decent especially for lunch too! I always get the yellow curry tofu and pad thai with chicken.
3.6 Pretty decent Thai food and  ambiance I'm mainly writing this review for the free Thai tea
5 Best Thai food in townComes here for many years, taste better each time.Very authentic
4 Their soup is so good ! And they have lunch specials 11-3! I had to get Thai ice tea as well!
4 Always like the food here!! Lunch special is always good!!! Love their sweet rice with mango!
5 Sea food soup is the best and their customer service is great they're very attentive. I loved their spicy fried rice and their pad see ew
5 First time here . Interior looks good. And service is nice . Checking in for the free coke.  Probably would come back again
4 I love this place! Parking is ample with underground parking desirable on hot days. Thai paradise is clean and the service is friendly and fast. We ordered the pad see ew and the spicy catfish which was very good. The lunch special gives you your choice of tom yum soup or house salad. Writing a review on yelp gives you a free drink of Thai tea, Thai coffee, or a soda!
5 Great place for family lunch on weekend. A lot of choices on menu and taste great. Thai tea is also on point!
1 Great food, awesome service. Nice, cozy place for family dinner. Definitely will come back!! Thai paradise beef is our fave.
5 First time coming here. Everything in the menu looks delicious. Ordered the crab meat fried rice and it was delicious as well as their chicken wings.
5 We accidently found this place when the ramen place we were going to next door was going to be an hour wait.  We are visiting town for our kids activities and my son had just finished at the Kinja Dojo and we were all starving.  We walked over to this Thai place and the atmosphere was inviting and got immediate seating.  Within 5 minutes or drinks were out and our order was taken.  We ordered pork jerky, chicken Tom yum, seafood papaya salad,  and beef skewers. Food was all out in like 5 minutes.  Delicious and amazing!  Friendly service.  Perfect place for family dinner.
4 My first time at Thai Paradise was enjoyable as the servers were very kind and often checked up on how we were enjoying the meal. The green curry beef had a pretty and vibrant presentation, while tasting both savory and creamy.
1 I just got here and this place is super spacious and the staff is very attentive. The pad see eww is delicious and they have a great variety of spicy sauces.
4.4 I always order the Tom Yum here, it's delicious especially on a rainy day! the service is always on point!
4.2 The food is so good . Downfall ordered spicy seafood soup and found a hair in my soup !! Gave it a 2 star just because the food was good !
4.5 Nice place, clean and a lot of options to eat.  Had the chicken coconut soup and the beef stew noodles.  Definitely would come back for more.
4 Great restaurant. Great food and great service! I love Thai paradise:) soft shell crab has always been my favorite. Green curry from this restaurant is super delicious as well. I will definitely come back next time!
3.5 Very good food with nice services. The prices are reasonable! The fish is the best! Also free dessert after dinner.
4.5 Great food for reasonable price! Came here for the first time with family. Plenty of options to choose from.
4.5 food portion is good, price is fair, and when ordering don't think individual meal. Each plate can feed two people, so watch out!
4 Just randomly stumbled on this place on yelp. Really fast service and the food is priced well. Food is better than most Thai spots as well. Free Thai tea if you review on yelp :). Would go again.
4 AMAZING Thai food! I usually order the Pad Thai w/ Shrimp, Ala Royal w/ Pork, Beef Satay, and Tong Yum Goong. Highly recommend and they also offer free delivery!
4 First time here. Good number of vegetarian options, and they are flexible with substitutions.  However the soups are made with a chicken broth, so be aware. Comfortable nd clean environment, and no wait on a Friday night, as opposed to the one in Pasadena. Convenient location in a plaza and next to 99 Ranch. Helpful  and attentive customer service.
4.5 My husband takes me here all the time as a midway stop back home. The thai food is great along with great service. I will recommend the mooping :)
4 One of family favs when we miss Thailand and need some cuisine to remind us of our travels.
4.5 This is probably the best Thai restaurants in the area. Food is always consistent and solid.
4.3 We got the pad Thai. And Red curry.  Overall good service and food tasted great.  Wish they had some lunch specials but overall I would come back again.
5 This place is AMAZING!! I have been ordering from the one on Las Tunas Drive in San Gabriel for months. Not sure if they are related somehow. But this place is better for me. I haven't been to the facility but I had ordered delivery from them, TWICE! Food is delicious, delivery is sooner than they have promised. Delivery guy is so nice and friendly to me and my kids. I recommend the Thai BBQ Chicken, they are the best! Even if it's lunch special, the portion was more than expected. Pad Thai, Pad See Ew, Tom Yum is delicious too!
4 This place never failed me. The drive from OC to LA always worth it. My family and I go here every time we come to LA. Must try the Thai Beef Paradise and Crab Meat Fried Rice!
5 I'm so glad  to find this place in Yelp when we moved to Alhambra a few years ago.  Their service and food  are consistently good.
3 the food is good. the service is nice! my family enjoy eating here. price is really reasonable. the location is very convenient.
5 My first time be here. Nice food. Thai tea is my favorite drink. I ordered Pad Thai and chicken wing. I had Salad at the beginning.
3 Best duck noodle soup ever! Iv been coming here for years and it is still my favorite Thai restaurant in the area!
5 Best duck noodle soup ever! Iv been coming here for years and it is still my favorite Thai restaurant in the area!
3 Best duck noodle soup ever! Iv been coming here for years and it is still my favorite Thai restaurant in the 626.
3 The best duck noodle soup in the area!!Also they give out free Thai ice tea or ice coffee if you leave a review that's long enough on yelp!
3 Excellent Thai food restaurant!!!! Nice waiter. Delicious food. I really like the paradise beef and chicken coconut soup.
4 Nice atmosphere. The waiters and waitresses are all Thai. Could tell that the food is real Thai style. Will recommend!
4.3 I've been here several times with my family and ordered multiple times through phone. They provide excellent Thai cuisine and service! I recommended the green curry, satay skewers, tom yum seafood and the mango sticky rice
4.2 Came here on a Friday night, service was quick, and got a table real quick! Food is great, but parking might be tough.Definitely recommend!
4.5 I like the fountain I like that if i rate before eating I can get a free drink. so I am writing review with zero knowledge of the quality of food
4 Best Thai food in Monterey Park. Their menu has so much diversity and they have pictures of a lot of their menu items.
3.5 Nice music and good food. Great place to meet friends and enjoy dinner while catching up!
4.5 The food looks so good and price is great for what you get. We ordered the chicken pad thai and tom yum soup. Highly recommended
4.5 Not sure if they changed chefs... the seafood tum yum soup and seafood pad Thai tasted real bad. So different from before.. And we've been coming here for years! Not to mention the complementary sticky rice dessert in the end tasted different and was watery... I will only come back when the food is back to normal. The service here is always excellent.
4 Love this place. Food and service is excellent. Pad Thai and pork jerky is my favorite.
4 They have great service. The pad Thai is really tasty and it's never too crowded. The Tom yum soup is really good too.
4 This is my new favorite Thai restaurant.  So vibrant and you feel the authenticity as you walk in! Someone greets you in no time and smiles everywhere.  Will be back definitely
4.5 Crab fries rice..WOW amazing. Got or food delivered in Alhambra took about an hour but it was worth the weight the food was amazing! And like I said the Crab Fried Rice..... yummmm!
4 One of our favorite Thai places. Favorites: green curry, pad see ew, pad Thai, and stuffed chicken wings. And the staff are very nice :-)
4.5 My Boy Randy was very accommodating and the food was AMAZING ! Great atmosphere and location.  Thank you
4.3 Great food, nice family style atmosphere, great for families. Would definitely come here again. The Thai iced coffe is delicious
5 Do yourself a favor and swing by their restaurant TODAY! I had my doubts about their food at first but they have phenomenal food and great customer service. Plus, the portions are appropriate for the price. I highly recommend the deep fried Chicken with garlic sauce... You'll begin to dream about it. It's not the printed menu for some reason, but there's pictures of it as you enter the restaurant. They also do a shrimp version. So worth it!!!
5 very yummy pad thai!!!! the best thai food near San Gabriel area, highly recommend! service is good, just little bit wait time on Sunday, but worth it
5 very yummy pad thai!!!! the best thai food near San Gabriel area, highly recommend! service is good, just little bit wait time on Sunday, but worth it
4 very yummy pad thai!!!! the best thai food near San Gabriel area, highly recommend! service is good, just little bit wait time on Sunday, but worth it!!! Fired wonton is the best!
5 This is my "Go To" place when I have a hankering for some Thai nomminess.STAFF: Friendly and attentive (especially when it's slow).FACILITY: Clean with authentic Thai decorFOOD: Everything I've tried here has been good. My favorite would be a nice big hot pot of Tom Ka Kai soup.TIP: Go for lunch. Their lunch specials are reasonably priced.I minus one star based on personal reasons... I'm very much the "SHHHHHHH... not while I'm eating" type and don't like it when staff hovers too much. Again, just my biased opinion.
3 Food is delicious the pad Thai is better here than in most places, and the lunch special has great prices about 6-9$ very good and roomy restaurant so you can always find space, they also accommodate large parties up to 15-20 so it's a great place and great food well worth it
3 I'm very glad I brought my family here. Sergius was an excellent server, and very funny too. The food was bomb and I'm definitely going to come back.
3 Lovely place!! Food is scrumptious. Portions were outstanding. Will definitely return to try other items on the menu. Thai iced tea was GREAT!! Service was efficient and friendly. Prices are reasonable.
4 Here at lunch time. Good selection of food. Flavors are good and satisfied. Spicy cat food is must have.
4 This place is good. I Like the service. Good food and i would definitely come again. We ordered the beef stew noodle, white rice (small), yellow curry chicken with mild curry spiciness, and the ong choy.
4.3 Very yummy! Nice place for dinner. We ordered the yellow curry, beef noodles and the ong choy. Good service
4.5 Delicious Thai paradise beef and yellow curry! Excellent lunch specials and very accommodating for large groups with many large tables. Parking in the back in the garage. An excellent lunch option.
4 This is a really great restaurant with excellent service! One of my favorite things to order here is the Thai beef.
3.5 Great service and friendly staff! The food was delicious  We had the Thai Paradise beef, Yellow Curry Chicken and Tom Yung Shrimp!
4.5 This is my updated review of this place to get a free drink. Food had always been consistently good every time I come here. Would definitely recommend coming here for those craving Thai food.
4.5 Probably one of the best Thai restaurant in the area. They serve really delicious food. Out of all the dishes I've had, everything has been really good. My favorite is the Spicy Basil Chicken with Soft Tofu here.
4 Awesome place! Awesome Thai Iced Coffee and the Pad Thai was fantastic too. We got the yellow curry and it was the perfect amount of creaminess without being too heavy. Delicious !!!$
4 The taste is pretty good. The service is good.Love the mango sticky rice. Favorite coconut here
4 I love Thai food but I've never given this place a try until now. Food is amazing and so is the service !! The beef pad Thai was delicious and easily shareable with a party of 3.
4.5 Great ambiance and the food is always delicious! I always come here with my sister and we are never disappointed! Great portions!
4 Great ambiance and the food is always delicious! I always come here with my sister and we are never disappointed.
3.6 First time in! I order spicy noodle with a spiciness of 10, it is very satisfyingly spicy without losing its flavor! The noodle is perfectly bouncy and chewy, and very well balanced with vegetable. every dishes here comes with complimentary salad/Tom yum soup, haven't got my Thai coffee yet but can't wait to try!!
4.4 I had chicken pad thai (my go to dish) here for dinner and it was very tasty. The sauce was a little heavy handed but the fresh cabbage and carrot on the side balanced it. And the portion was huge! Service was also super fast... I was so surprised when the food came only a few minutes. I've gotten take out a few times for lunch and the food was decent and well portioned as well.
1 Great pad Thai and lunch specials are a good deal! The staff was quick and the tom yum soup was delicious. Thank you!
3 Great place for lunch. Usually order the Thai boat noodle or duck noodle. Very flavorful!
1 Thai Paradise is my go to Thai Restaurant. The food is consistently good and I especially love the Spicy Basil Chicken with Soft Tofu. Kevin is a wonderful server.
4 Really good thai food, we got the onchoy, pork fried rice, scallop and shrimp, and vegetable pad Thai. We had about 10 people and service was pretty good, we got seated pretty fast (although this shouldn't effect the review of the restaurant itself) but 5 stars for the food :)
4 This place was awesome ordered the Tom Ka Kai, Fried Baby Pork Ribs and Shrimp and Scallop in Garlic Sauce. Everything was on point! The ribs were my favorite, very different from what I'm used to but regardless it was delicious.
5 First time here, their crab fried rice is taste very good. Also the penuts sause with beef is very good.
5 Had such a great experience here! Their seafood is definitely very fresh. I highly recommend this place if you are in the area. Food is delicious and they have great portion sizes. Come check it out.
5 We were a 12 and we were all able to get our food in a timely manner. The waiters were extremely kind and attentive. Food was really great too.
5 THis is my favorite Thai spot, their papaya salad is on point anddddd there's a boba place next door so it's a perfect spot for a date :)
5 Good food, good prompt service and close to home, and I get a free drink with a review ? Deal !
5 Always a pleasure to come here, great food, service is pretty decent. Nice and clean place.
5 Craving for Thai food and instantly thought of Thai Paradise. The service and food is always awesome, can't wait to bring my family and friends!
5 I forgot myInvisalign. The staff helped me to find it. While I was waiting, there were 4 staffs asking if I need help. Their service is very good.
4.5 Great food and great service. Authentic Thai close to my area. Definitely recommend to my friends and family to come and try this place out.
4.2 The food is great. Been a couple of times in thai paradise. We got the bbq chicken and spicy catfish on lunch special on a Sunday. Not too crowded.
4.5 Delicious,  great vibe.  Strong AC.  Good size portions.  Free parking.  I got the BBQ chicken.  My friend's plate was the spicy basil chicken.  We were well pleased.
4 Great place to have dinner in a calm setting and very friendly staff. Dinner was amazing! Had the pad see eew, pineapple fried rice and green coconut curry. Very fast service and very fresh. I'll be coming back!
3.5 I really like the raw shrimp and Tom yum soup. It's really delicious! Excellent service!
4.5 The food is great here, quality, freshness, flavor; top notch! My coworkers and I frequent this place for lunch and are never disappointed!
4.5 Free drink of choice from Thai tea, Thai coffee or Any soft drink with a check in. A huge lunch special options to choose from. From 11:00 - 3:00 pm.
4 This place is so yummy and reliable.  I work in the court and it's super convenient to get to.  Food always comes to the table pretty quickly and the wait staff is friendly.  Great lunch specials too!
4 I've been coming back here for a couple years now and this has been my go-to place for thai food!! And as a plus, the decor in the restaurant is beautiful.
4 I've been coming back here for a couple years now and this has been my go-to place for thai food!! And as a plus, the decor in the restaurant is beautiful
4.5 Thai Paradise is where I go for pad se ew. Love their noodles. I've been here a few times before, but first time actually writing a review. I usually order for delivery! Great service when I do come here the waiters are nice and I definitely would come again!!
4 Been coming here over the years and they've stayed consistent with the taste and service is great. Not much more to say about it!
4.5 Good friendly service and good food with good friends. Place is spacious and in cool plaza in bustling area of Monterey Park. Lots of interesting Thai decorations. Lunch special is good! Comes with soup or salad and some other stuff.
3.6 Came here for dinner with a group of friends. Service and good was solid. Pad Thai was yummy. Would come back again.
4 Great restaurant and service! Lunch also comes with soup or salad. Price is also not expensive. Recommend!
3 Nice restaurant. come here at the weekend. The food are huge and good for 3 girls. Recommend.
1 This is one of my favorite local thai restaurant. The wait staff are super friendly and very accommodating! The food here never seem to fail to satisfy my cravings. I really enjoy the spicy chicken and soft tofu dish! And there is plenty of parking if you come at the right time.
4 Favorite Thai restaurant! My go to dishes are paid thai, crab meat fried rice, 3 flavor fish filet, beef salad, tom yum or chicken coconut soup!
2 long time not come here. reunion with my parents. good thai tea and i really like the chicken coconut soup
5 I always love to come to this Thai restaurant because they have delicious lunch special.  This place is nice and clean.  Most of all is not too crowded so sitting is comfortable.
4 Good place for Thai food. Thai pork spareribs are good. One of the few Thai food places in Monterey park
4 Food is amazing here. They have all kinds of Thai food and they have good drinks too. I really like their mango sticky rice!
5 One of the best Thai food in town.  Great service.  Peaceful environment for a lunch. Must try Pad Thai and red curry
1 Great service! Great food. Can't ask for more. They're Tom yum soup is delicious. Lunch specials are really cheap but very tasty. Will be making this a regular spot for me.
5 Excellent service accompanies top notch food at Thai Paradise. Today I'm having lunch with my wife and we're sharing stuffed chicken wings, eggplant with pork, and three flavor shrimp and scallops. All of our dishes were prepared with fresh ingredients and the chef really knows how to make the flavors shine!
4 Good Thai place in the San Gabriel Valley area. Flavor is well balanced and not very oily... Food and service is always excellent here.
5 Best Thai place in the San Gabriel Valley area. Flavor is well balanced and not very oily... Food and service is always excellent here.
4.4 seafood yellow curry. bomb. a few order mistakes. great tasting sticky rice. friendly staff
3.6 First time visit here and the food arrived very quickly. Food looks very appetizing and great service. Would recommend!
4.5 Food was excellent. Good price for thai food in Monterey park area. Try their deep fried crispy chicken wings.
4 This place is da bomb Good food Will come back anytime The crispy pork is the best
3.5 Orange chicken was tough. Hard to finish the leftovers. The papaya salad was not crunchy and overly soaked in sauce. Maybe because I bought my food close to closing time. Not a good experience
4.5 Good and lively environment and friendly staff! Very extensive menu with a lot of options. Free drink for review.
4.5 Absolutely the best Thai food in town. I don't eat Thai anywhere else unless it's here. The Thai paradise Beef is a must have!
4 Perfect Thai place. We come here almost every month. This place has really authentic basil chicken and curry options available.
4 I love this place! The lunch special is amazing. You can get soup or salad and a full entree for $8. The food doesn't contain msg and the staff is so nice.
4 Decided to go here since it was nearby. Its not a bad place if you're looking for decently priced thai food. I got the pad thai lunch combo which came with a side of soup and 2 fried wontons. Very casual ambiance and there's some soft music in the background. The wait staff is very kind and attentive. I'll be back again.
4 Great service and the great for big groups. vegetable fried rice was delicious and pho tack was great.
4.5 I really like this place! Their portions are great and their vegetarian options are awesome. The vegetable fried rice is my favorite. Filled with all the veggies I love!
3.6 The restaurant is roomy and there is enough space between the tables. The food looks good and taste delicious.
4.5 This is our local Thai, we like the food and the people here but sometimes we have to wait for over half and hour the get our food :-(
3 Decided to check this place out after driving by a couple of times. Staff inside was very welcoming and friendly. Food took a while to arrive but man was it worth it, should definitely try the curry.
5 Chicken Satay and Crab Fried rice was delicious! Highly recommend this place!Customer service was great!
5 This Thai food place makes the most flavorful and spicy dishes. Im someone who is a spicy food fanatic and Thai paradise hits the mark every single time with their red curry and pineapple (gang kua supparost) it keeps me coming back over and over.
5 5/5 best Thai food ever I would bring everyone I know here! I love Thai food and I love Thai paradise !
5 Food was delivered in a timely manner, taste great. They followed my special request to a tee.
2 Big restaurant that is pretty busy on a Friday lunch. Looks like it has gotten a lot busier than before. Also, they have a promo for a free drink when you leave a review!
4 Great food and would definitely recommend to anyone. Awesome service and very accommodating
5 Good customer service. We got our glasses of water pretty fast...We visited this place for celebrating our coworker's new journey!
5 The lurch is good price for here and the food is good！my friend is first time trying thai food,i recommend dishes pad thai.she loved it.
3 Excellent food and service.  The soup was amazing so was the Pad Thai.  Will definitely visit again.
5 Great place to eat, one of the best Thai food in town, nice ambiance, I will definitely cone back here!!!!
5 This is one of my to go places for for Thai food. I love the basil soft tofu here, can't find it elsewhere. The customer service is great, very courteous staff.
4.3 Very nice place and the ambiance is neat and easy to find . Reviews say food is great! We'll find out!
4.3 Very nice place and the ambiance is neat and easy to find . Reviews say food is great! We'll find out!
4.5 Food is very good, I like it here. I came back again, it was also good. I like the pad see yewwww and the green curry.
4 I been coming here for years. Food and service is great! The pregnancy cravings are always satisfied with the Chinese broccoli, pork chow mein and Tom yum sea food medium spicy (:
3.5 Great service and easy parking.  Good Thai food around this area; fresh ingredients.  Will come back again.
4.5 Been coming here couple of time already food is good with reasonable price and you get free drink with review!
4.5 This place is so clos to our work place .I love this place . We always come for tom yum soup ,so yummy.
4 Tried the spicy noodle and green curry. Meat was tender and the sauce was savory. Good experience here.
4 I first heard about this restaurant from a co-worker. He swore this place had the best Thai food in town. I can support his claims by saying this is some of the best Thai food I've had in a while!Thai Paradise is located along Atlantic Blvd, in the shopping center across from Ralph's. It's close to the intersection of Atlantic and Garvey. Parking is a bit of a pain because you can either park behind the building (very limited), or along the street (also very limited)... hence the 4 stars instead of 5. The food itself is very rich and flavorful. My favorite dishes are the same dishes the same co-worker recommended: pork jerky, paradise beef, ong choy, beef pad see ew, and chicken pad thai. I also really like their gailan because it comes with pork. It's a little pricey, but you get what you're paying for. Most of the dishes are family-style. The portions are generous and the quality is worth the money. NOTE: You have to buy rice separately. In addition, the service is pretty good! They're not all smiley and cheesy - they give you your space, but their service is quick and commendable. All in all, this is a place that I would highly recommend for good quality Thai food. Thumbs up, I'll be coming back for more.
4 They have really good service and they food is very flavorful. They have a variety of different Thai foods and have pictures in the menu to make it easier to decide on what to order.
4 This is a great Thai restaurant. Excellent service and food. We had pork jerky, yellow curry with chicken, gai lan with crispy pork, steamed sea bass with lemon sauce, and mango sticky rice. All of it was very tasty especially the yellow curry with chicken and mango sticky rice. Our server was nice, attentive, and gave us great suggestions. Definitely going back and will try different dishes!
4.5 This was my first time coming here and it was pretty good! The curry didn't come with rice, but the service was great.
4.5 The food here is always good and authentic. I like the beef salad and drunken noodles. They take care of us and good service.
3.6 This place has great food .  My favorites include:1.  Pad Thai2. Crab fried rice3. Pad see ew4. Papaya salad5.  Beef satayThe parking is plentiful and convenient.  There is typically no wait and the service is great.
5 This place is good and convenient. I love the Thai tea! I also love their pad Thai and pad see ew :) yummm
5 This is the best Thai food in town. Iv been coming here since they first opened. I love the pad see ew, and the pad Thai, also the free Thai tea. It's very close to best boba spots in Monterey park. It is on a big street. Close to freeways, plenty of parking. Tv for watching your favorite sports game. Great place for family and friends gathering!
4 Good flavor and great variety of choice. authentic thai food. lots of parking in the back. highly recommended to stop by for lunch and dinner when you are visiting this area.
3 This is where I go everytime I crave for Thai food. Their curry is very authentic. My favorite dish here is the coconut soup. I order everytime I come. The staff here is very friendly.
5 Always something wrong with my pick up order. First time forgot to put the rice and I had to eat my curry the day after when I had my own rice cooked. Second time, instead of fried tofu I got regular, the potatoes in the curry are half raw, which is pretty bad, my pad thai didn't have lemon...Overall food is not as delicious as my favorite place Hoy Ka, which unfortunately closed recently. On the search for a good Thai restaurant again...
4 Had the spicy fried rice, orange flavored chicken (amazing) ,  Thai pork jerky( make sure to dip it in the sauce) and chow mein which was flavorful and spicy. beautiful decor and great customer service.
4 Had the spicy fried rice, orange flavored chicken (amazing) ,  Thai pork jerky( make sure to dip it in the sauce) and chow mein which was alright but beautiful decor and great customer service.
4 Pad Thai noodles are too soggy and cut up into small little pieces difficult to pick up with chopsticks.Dom yum soup doesn't have enough ingredients and its shrimps not as fresh, little mushy.BBQ chicken and beef is okay could use a little more grilled.Like the free red rice dessert Service was basic. Brought out food, didn't check us on the food, or water refills. But we didn't need them. We just ate, paid and left. 2 people 3 dishes no drinks $36Foods changed since they first opened. Doesn't taste as good. Moving on to better ones. Lol
4 Great food love their pad Thai Good serviceReasonable priceLove the red bean dessert with red rice and coconut milk. Beware of their MSG
4 Very good service, they were very attentive and food was delicious. The shrimp fried rice was on point and pad see ew as well
5 Great Thai restaurant with great service. Located in a very convenient location as well. Food is also very tasty.
5 Great customer service and great atmosphere.. the food is amazing.. I recommend the Tom ka Kai and the panaang curry
5 Very good Thai food in a comfortable setting. The staff is friendly great spot for locals!
5 Came to TP for the spicy noodles and glass noodle salad.  The salad is tangy and spicy.  Anything beyond a 4 really gets me.   The spicy noodles are always well cooked.Service is always great too.  The staff are attentive and helpful.Thanks guys!
4 This is my favorite Thai place in SGV.  The flavors are good and spicy.  The selection is great and their service is good as well.  My favorite items are the pad kee Mao and the silver noodle salad.   The Thai fried rice is bomb as well.
4.4 This is a really good Thai place! I love going here because there is great customer service and the food is so good! The portions are reasonable too. This location is better than the one in San Gabriel for sure.
4.2 Thai Paradise Beef! Amazing food and great service! You must come check out the food!!
4.5 Love this place! The Golden shrimp stole my heart! I've also had the Pineapple fried rice and pad Thai! Their dishes are so good!
4 We ordered the Striped Bass fish and it was so good. Make sure to try it with the sauce. Overall, everything was good!
3.5 Food was great. We got the seafood TomTom, beef lard na, sizzling spinach, and pad woo sen. They definitely did not skimp on the portions, lots of protein in the noodle dishes and lots of seafood in the soup. Customer service was attentive. Would come again :)
4.5 Sizzling spinach is to die for if you're vegetarian or not! Thai tee is definitely one of the best!
4.5 Come this place several times. The food are good，service is good. Rate this place and you can get a free drinks.
4 I love the curry! Order the goong oab woonsen!Great atmosphere. Friendly quick service.
4 very delicious foods and Nice Place, too many foods I want to eat. I will be bringing my friends come next time Yum yummy
4 Blah. Just okay nothing special but a bit pricey for the quality of food. Ordered the Tom Yum Goong and Chicken Pad Thai.  Service is good.  There are no condiments on the table which is strange.  You get a free drink with a yelp review hence my review and probably the high ratings.  I wouldn't not recommend unless you really want Thai food and have no other choice.
4 Free drink when you review it on yelp! Service was face and food was very good. Would definitely recommend it.
4.5 Free drink when you review it on yelp! Service was face and food was very good. Would definitely recommend it.
3.6 The shrimps were really big in the tom yum. The curry dishes have a nice kick to it. The pad Thai was pretty good too. But the caveat is that they give free Thai teas in exchange for a 5 Star review
4.5 Best Thai place in Alhambra. Their Thai Tea with Boba is so good and food is so clean. Come here so you can enjoy the taste of Thailand in Alhambra.The people here are also nice and very mich approachable. Price is also reasonable. Great find for a Thai place.
5 Great lunch special! Tasty orange chicken and garlic pepper pork, i also recommend the curry!
5 I'm sad to leave a poor review as I've been coming to this restaurant for years and have never had a problem, but yesterday's Tom Yum Goong soup sent me into an MSG meltdown that lasted for several uncomfortable hours. It felt as if the chef working on 12/23 decided to empty a bag full of MSG into the soup mix. While I may not write this place off entirely, I will definitely not be ordering their soup dishes again.
5 The food here is great and I like the location. Would like to recommend others looking for Thai food here :)
5 Pad Thai is great here. Parking options and street are kind of limited during certain times of the day. Free Thai tea if you dine in during lunch time. Very friendly atmosphere and great for groups.
5 Pad-see-ew beef, chow mein, fried rice, pad Thai and Thai iced tea are all delicious. I've been here several times & the food is always satisfying!
5 Got a free drink for doing a review! Ordered the stuffed chicken wing and chicken pad see ew. Place looks authentic and definitely has a lot of seating. Parking situation is also
5 My favorite Thai place. I love them yellow curry chicken. Medium spicy is 3 out of 10. Highly recommended.
5 Food came out fast and was delicious. We ordered the Pad Thai, Pad See-yew (sp?), Paradise Beef, Eggplant, green curry, spinach, and chicken with mushroom. I liked everything, but my top dishes were the beef and the Pad See-yew.
4 Good foods recommended. Good for kids and family. Awesome foods. My favorite is crab fried Rice.
5 Finding a great Thai restaurant is like finding a beautiful piece of music that allows you to taste every note. Thai Paradise was more like finding a production by 90s electronic sensation Crazy Frog (with tastes pumped out for the masses) instead of a work of satisfaction like Mozart.The Gang Kua Supparost with Chicken sounded tempting with Red Curry, Coconut Milk, and Pineapple. Three great tastes that apparently should be kept as far from each other as possible. If a double negative is a positive does a triple negative equal zero? The Steamed Rice seemed old and hardly worth the up charge of $2. Left most of it untouched. My hopes were higher for the Spicy Mint Squid and Shrimp with Peppers and Onions. The flavor was better (though not really spicy), but the squid was too chewy and the shrimp was pretty average. Meh?For dessert, the Fried Ice Cream (Green Tea) was fun. It's more for effect and presentation than taste, however, I was entertained by the warm crust and sharp tea cream melting inside.The waitress was totally fine. Parking is free. Prices were slightly higher than average. Overall, the atmosphere inside is classic. The major disappointment is the food.The textures, layers, and spirit of Thai food ... inspired by the best of China, India, Southeast Asia, and beyond ... truly make Thailand a paradise of opportunity for any food lover. Thai Paradise is to the left and down the street from being a paradise.
4.3 Yummy good..had a super Tom yum noodles soup and pad thai noodles. The Tom yum soup was just right.  Thai iced coffee was just perfect.
4.3 Love this place! Their shrimp fried rice is great! And Coconut Tom yum is to die for! Everyone should come here!
4.5 Great Thai ice tea! The padseew is very delicious! I recommend coming here. Also the service is great! Great atmosphere.
4 Great environment to have an intimate dinner in a group setting. Staff is super friendly and attentive. The Thai tea is amazing and the food is incredible. I was definitely a happy customer.
3.5 I've been coming to this restaurant with my family since childhood.  Since I live in OC now, this is my go to place everytime I'm in the area.  They have amazing shrimp cakes (most Thai places only have fish cake). Overall their food is really good even though it's a tad more expensive than other Thai places.
4.5 This place is our choice to have thai food, because location near our home, the foods are good, the service are great, and Thai tea is the best.
4.5 Sweet! Free drink for a nice little review. Place looked clean and staff are welcoming. Hopefully the food is good.
4 It's our 2nd time here we really like the food and the location is great as well. We like their Thai Paradise fried rice and the free Thai ice tea. Pad see ew is a bit too sweet for our taste would be great if it's less sweet.
4 My family came here for a Saturday lunch.  We had the tom yum soup with noodles, chui chou noodles; crab fried rice, and spicy beef.  Everything we had was below average in taste.The spicy beef was just small pieces of beef sauteed in some kind of red sauce.  It wasn't terrible - but it also wasn't good.  As for the noodes.....usually the noodles used in Thai noodle dishes are vermicelli noodles, glass noodles or pad thai style noodles.  Here, both types of noodles we ordered were served with Pho noodles.  That was unexpected and a little strange.  The broth in the chui chou noodles was pretty good though.  Finally, the crab fried rice looked delicious - but it was really lacking flavor.....it was just rice, peas, carrots, egg and pieces of imitation crab.  No hint of garlic or other spices you normally find in fried rice at a Thai restuarant.  With so many other Thai options in the area, I would recommend passing on this one. Saladang in Pasadena or President Thai in Rosemead are both places with better food and decor.
4 This is one of the few places in the neighborhood that does delivery and boy do they deliver! Our order took about 30 minutes to arrive, which is great time considering the quality of the food and the distance.The Tom Ka Kai soup is great. Pineapple Fried Rice is well seasoned and they do not skimp on the shrimp and chicken. The Satay chicken was well-plated even though it was delivery! Thai Paradise is definitely on the top of my list for local takeout!
4.5 First time here since I rarely crave Thai food. But really enjoyed the quality of the food and the large portion. Will come back in the future :)
4 This is one of my favorite Thai restaurants ever. :) I've been coming here for a while now since I used to work pretty close by. The service here is always so friendly and sweet, one of the main reasons why I love coming here so much. Aside from that, the food here is delicious! Some of my favorites include the spicy chicken and basil with soft tofu, all their curries (green, yellow, red, panang), the chicken satay sticks, the Thai beef, the fried bananas, the jerky, the tom yum, the tom kha, needless to say, EVERYTHING I'VE HAD HERE IS AMAZING. For drinks, I love their thai tea and the fresh young coconut from here also. They always give a little dessert of sweet red beans (I think that's what it is, or at least that's what it tastes like to me!) after every meal too. :)
4.5 This place has good Thai food.  They have lunch specials that come with soup or salad.
3.6 I came here on the spur of the moment, after a long wait for Boiling Point in Monterey Park. So glad that we decided to come here, and will definitely be coming back in the future.The food here was amazing for the price, and felt very authentic. Everyone in my party was quite satisfied with the dishes we ordered, having strayed from our usual choices. I definitely recommend the Panang Curry and Papaya Salad.In addition to the wonderful meal, the service was top-notch. Servers constantly refilled our water, and checked in to make sure we were enjoying the food, without being intrusive at all.Brownie points for the cover band playing that night. They played a bunch of classics, and I was quite impressed for how long they played.Overall, an amazing experience. I think I found my new go-to for Thai food in the 626.
4 This is one of my favorite Thai restaurant in the area. I always order spicy basil chicken with soft tofu. They also have Great mango sticky rice!
5 Great atmosphere, good service. Very friendly! Pad Thai here is so flavorful, and Thai tea was a perfect blend of tea and milk/cream. They are very attentive and we never have to wait an unreasonably long time to order or get our food! Checking in and writing a review gets you a free drink too! Came back to dinner 3 months later and the service is just as good during the rush!
4 Great atmosphere, good service. Very friendly! Pad Thai here is so flavorful, and Thai tea was a perfect blend of tea and milk/cream
5 Great atmosphere, good service. Very friendly! Pad Thai here is so flavorful, and Thai tea was a perfect blend of tea and milk/cream
4 This place opened up a few months ago and everytime I pass it I say "I need to check it out".  So I finally did. Yay phone orders!  But boo $15 minimum credit card purchase.  Fine I'll go get cash.  I ordered fresh spring rolls along with my lunch special.  But I didn't get it in my order.  Minus points for that.  It was really nice inside, kind of on the small side, but they have long tables which would be good for a big group.The Pad Thai was just okay.  I was disappointed but not enough to cry about it.  My lunch special came with sticky rice (good) and fried wontons (yum to the max!).  My Thai Iced Tea was also dee-lish. But for $10 I expected more.  Not so much "paradise".
5 A decent Thai food place in the sgv area.Pros -Never seems to be crowded-Easy parking-Fast, the food came out within minutes-Large selection-Actually makes their food spicy!  Level 1-10-Basil tofu chicken, best dish they have-Nice and attentive waiters Cons-Taste is subpar, this isn't the best Thai food but good if you have a craving-Tom yum soup.  I think this is just quintessential in any Thai restaurant.  Their soup had a weird after taste -Pricy for the area
5 Good restaurant good food and the people is very nice and very kind the place looking elegant and cleani had a wonderful time with my family .
5 Amazing food here.  The only place that does parang right. Got here on karaoke night, something always fun going on!
5 One of the best Thai restaurants for takeout! We order from here nearly every week on Grabhub, never once disappointed. Explore the menu, you'll have surprises!!Who would know sizzling spinach with tofu would taste so good!!!
5 My girlfriend had her rehearsal dinner here, food was served family-style and it was free so I can't complain! Calling this place "Paradise" is pushing it but it doesn't disappoint when it comes to satisfying Thai food cravings.Parking: Easy-peezy, there's a large free lot in the back and lots o' street parking.Venue: Slightly dingy and outdated, the restaurant is decently-sized with shiny Thai sculptures here and there which add to the ambiance. The staff pushed several tables together to accommodate our group of 30.Food: Pretty tasty from what I was able to try. The chicken pad thai was flavorful, the tom yum soup was delicious and the chicken satay was accompanied by a delightful and refreshing cucumber sauce but I took one bite of the spicy papaya salad and had to spit it out. Something must be wrong with me as an Asian because I don't mix well with anything higher than a "2" spice level...Service: Friendly for the most part (maybe because our big group = $$$?), quick to clear empty dishes and bring extra chairs. No complaints although from reading other reviews it appears this isn't the norm.I don't know if I'll be back anytime soon (it's quite a drive from Santa Monica!) but if I ever find myself in the area again craving Thai food I'll be back to Thai Paradise.
4 Here for lunch. Quite and clean. Easy parking. Nice menu. Is 430pm not much people here
4 Not quite sure if the name befits this restaurant.  The only glimpse of paradise i got from this joint was the "tropical" piece of lemon they put in the water. Honestly, why the heck does it take so long to make a simple lunch special, (5.99).  Stir fried green beans of all things. The price point is awesome, which is unfortunate given the fact that this establishment runs on China time.I got to the restaurant at 1:17!  I know this because I looked at my watch since I had to get back to the office by two.  At 1:40, the food had not come out so i asked the waitress,  "no worry, come out soon" replied the apologetic server.  Ok, your nice so I will patiently wait a little.  Came 1:47, and Nothing.! 30 mins is way too long for any kind of meal.  Even Thomas Keller wouldn't keep you waiting this long. So I had no choice but to ask them to wrap it to go. I can't comment on the quality as it was cold when I got to it at 5. The beans were shriveled and the tofu was emaciated;( The flavor was nice and spicy as I had requested.  So would I give this place another try? NOPE...Way too long of a wait. What the waitress said when I paid couldn't console me. "'we usually aren't this busy on a Monday", whatever!  I'm scared to think how long it will take on a busy night...
4.4 I finally found a place when you ask spicy they actually make it spicy. Food is authentic and fresh been coming here for years. Highly recommend.
3.6 I have to say I am pretty happy with the two meals I have had at Thai Paradise.  We have gone on Saturday nights each time.  There is live music, which I love.  I was kind of bummed last time I went and the band was taking a 15 minute break.  Especially since the food comes out super quick.We had the pad thai, which was good.  I really love the pork jerky and the dipping sauce it comes with.  We tried the soft shell crab and can't say I would order that again.  The thai paradise beef is good and so is the thai paradise rice.  Nothing will blow your mind, but it's all good and affordable.
4.5 This place is amazing for a work lunch. Great service and great location. They have a good selection for lunch special, which includes soup or salad, fried wonton and steamed rice. Will definitely come back to this place.
4 One of my fav Thai spots!!! Love that they have free delivery! Great portions and love lunch specials
3.5 Decent Thai in the heart of MPK. I have a feeling some of the flavors are muted in order to please a varying crowd. Went for lunch today and tried:Basil Chicken with Soft Tofu. The tofu was outstanding - soft and melts in your mouth. The chicken was not what I wanted or expected. I expected slice chicken pieces, instead I got ground chicken. They also don't have ground pork, which is what I would normally get with this type of dish. And lastly I didn't see or taste one basil leaf. Spicy catfish. Ordered medium spicy and to me it was very spicy. Good flavor tho. And the green beans were a pleasant surprise. The fish was tasty but had a little too much 'mud' taste to it.Chiu Chow soup noodle. Decent, tho nothing out of the ordinary. My son, who I ordered it for, didn't like it and he is usually a good arbiter of what tasted good.Pineapple fried rice. The rest of my family seemed to like this dish, saying it had good flavor. I thought it was a little too wet/sticky for my palate.Mixed Satay. The chicken and beef satay was good. Both were juicy and charred correctly, and the peanut sauce was good. My son was trying to lick the peanut bowl. Thai Ice tea. Delicious!Overall a decent enough place that strays between fully authentic and trying to please the Chinese crowds that come here.
4.5 My go to Thai place when I'm driving from West LA to SGV. The location is great, because it is right next to the freeway so you can get in and out. You never have to wait for tables. Portions are HUGE. And you can stop by half half on your way out.
4.5 If your in the area and want delicious Asian food then this is the spot! I ordered the orange flavor chicken, bbq pork ribs, pad-seew, chicken fried rice, and the fried wong tongs and everything had good flavor and was fresh! Only giving it a 4 star because they kind of took a while to get out drinks and our order, also they for got our waters 3 times and finally remembered when we were obviously already done eating. Nevertheless they were apologetic and friendly, can't wait to eat here again!
4 So delicious and fresh. Ordered the Tom ka soup and Pad   see ew and a Thai Tea SOOOOO DELICIOUS
4 Came for the first time today, got pad Thai and the "three flavors shrimp and scallops." The service was great and our waiter was super friendly, the ambiance and decor is nice, casual but classy, and the food was great! We loved the shrimp and scallops - super flavorful, and cooked perfectly - tender, crispy on the outside but coated by the sauce perfectly. Would definitely come back next time I'm looking for Thai and am in the area!
4 Overall it was your typical Monterey Park Thai restaurant in terms of food, but I thought the service was really friendly, and the lunch deal is VERY worth it at $5.99!The only minus I experienced was that the rice was a liiittle dry, but the flavor of my eggplant with tofu was great!  It was a little spicier than i expected since i got a 4 out of 10 and was definitely feelin' the heat (I swear I'm not THAT sensitive--I love my Sriracha).  BUT, it was still yummay.Also, the lunch deal comes with soup (tom yum chicken?) OR salad (tiny bowl with a mayo-based dressing) and two won ton (sadly they were not big meat-filled ones).  At the end of the meal everyone gets a bowl of a sweet red bean/tapioca type of dessert soup.  I thought it was pretty good.  Warm, mildly sweet, and kind of coconutty, but I was so full that I only had a little bit.Maybe it was the company I was with, but I enjoyed my early dinner here (YES, the lunch deal is good til 5 pm--at least on most days!) and will definitely be back.
4 This Thai restaurant is one of the nearest one to my house. It is located in a plaza and next door to a boba store. I used to come here once in a while after class but not often because it is too expensive compared to other Thai restaurant. The service is pretty okay here, you will always be greeted when you come in but server may be slow. The decor and ambience is wonderful here. Some of the famous and favorite that I like to order is.. -Pad See Ew-Pad Thai-Sticky mangoo (dessert)-Thai Tea :) Enjoy!
4.5 Maybe the cook changed or they changed the recipe, but the quality of the food went down. We were served uncooked rice for the spicy fried rice bringing the whole dish down making it inedible. Not only that, the spicy noodles was basically 60% vegetables and 40% noodles which doesn't make sense for a NOODLE dish. The food items were overly priced for the quality and taste of these dishes. All the meats were dry as well due to being overcooked. I cannot say much about anything else but if this is how the restaurant serves these dishes, then it seems like they are being cheap and cutting down on the quality of their food while overpricing their dishes. I have been a customer for the past 4 years and I cannot stand being ripped off anymore.
4.5 Good service and ambiance. My friend and I like to eat lunch here. We orders daily lunch special yellow curry chicken and Thai BBQ spareribs
4.3 I absolutely love their shrimp cake, can't find any other place that makes it like them
5 The food is excellent! It's my second time I went there. My favorite dish is the Tom yum soup and sticky rice for dessert.
5 This is a nice Thai restaurant. Food is very good. Especially the tofu and shrimps are very good. I definitely recommend this to my friends. I'll definitely come back next time.
5 Good and fast service. Food smells amazing from the kitchen. Had this from take out once and had to see how it was to dine in. Lots of parking in the back so it's easy to get in.  Check in for a free drink!
1 This pregnancy has me on a slightly restricted diet... nothing spicy.. and nothing really made with a lot of spices..Unfortunately for me.. Thai food is really yummy when it's made really spicy.. and sometimes even when you tell them spice level 0.. it still comes out a little too spicy for my fetus to handle..So when we came here for an event.. my only real choice was chicken fried rice..I didn't mind though because I really enjoyed my chicken fried rice.. it wasn't dry.. but it wasn't mushy.. the flavors were really good.. and it wasn't greasy.. I was able to taste some of the other foods.. and while I enjoyed them.. I still think that Thai Garden Bbq in Fontana still has my #1 vote.  Some of the foods were a little bland for my taste.. especially after knowing how well my go-to Thai place prepares it.. the food just doesn't compare..The place was small and they tried to cram in as many tables as possible..The waitresses we dealt with were all friendly.. I didn't come across the bad customer service that has been reviewed by other yelpers here.. hopefully that means they got rid of the rude workers here..
3 Great Food and real Thai experience. Love their green Curry. So good! Try this place out, you won't be disappointed.
3 Authentic Thai food for sure! We ordered the chicken / tofu spicy basil, pad thai, beef screwers, seafood soups and Thai tea.Pad Thai was delicious. Perfectly sautéed. Chicken/tofu basil was so spicy and flavorful. It really did a number on our taste buds.Beef screwers were tenderLoved the service & ambience Food came out quick & the prices were average. The music was a great addition. Our kids loved it. I would come back
5 Yummy! This is a great restaurant. Beautifully decorated and excellent food and service. Will be coming here again.
5 Great quality customer supports, comfortable elegant environment. Food 10/10 all food is prepped per plate its great.
5 Good! The Pad Thai was really good in this restaurant and the Saday Beef and Chicken is good too. Love this restaurant, I would recommend you to come to this lovely restaurant and enjoy life.
4 there are so much good food you can order here. i especially love the beef salad because of her tender the beef is and the beef sauce. my family usually orders the crab fried rice because it is served in a big portion with a reasonable price. the employees there are so so friendly and welcoming, they treat you like a family. the restaurant usually serves you a small bowl of their dessert and it is very good. it is perfectly sweet and tasty!!
5 I would normally give a place like this at least a 3 Star Rating but I'll tell you at the end of this review why it gets 2 star.This place isn't traditional Thai...The waitress wasn't really that friendly neither.Came here with a party of 4.Ordered..Fish Cakes, Spring Rolls, Pad See Ew, Beef Salad, Tom Yum Goong and Garlic Chicken.The food was mediocre at best...We didn't even take the leftovers to go..thats what we thought of the food.Fish Cakes and Spring rolls were okay.  Beef Salad we got medium spice and it was like none...the soup we got medium and it was too spicy.  Pad See Ew and Garlic chicken were okay.Why does it get 2 stars?They tried to throw in an extra dish and pretend we ordered it!!! We were like Why are you giving this to us!?? They said we ordered it we looked and said no way...I think they accidentally made an expensive dish and tried to pawn it off on us!!! What the heck!?!?2nd They charge for DRINK REFILLS!!! We got our Sodas to go after we found that out!!!!
5 Im giving then a 1 star due to the custoner service of one hispanic lady who over chanrged my card and kept swiping it because their system said it didnt go thru but it did from my bank. She didnt ask me if she can run the card again and just kept swiping it. When i asked her she practically said she never charged me and inshould ge a refund in 5 days because their machine is broken. She was rude when i explained to her the proper way to ask a custoner if they can run the card again instead of just swiping it over and over. Beware of this because until now i havent gotten the refund !!!
4.7 The food was Great. nice ambiance. Menu has a pretty good variety of selections. Service was good and food comes out pretty fast. Recommend the Pad see ew.
4.2 I like Thai food and it tastes good here, I will come back again. And get a free drink when rate them on yelp.
4.5 I received some really good and insightful information from the contributors to this site and I felt it was high time I imparted some, hopefully, helpful information.Although not the most obvious location for some of the best Thai food, this Monterey Park gem is worth the visit.  If you are anything like me, you have your top 5 favorite cuisines, these are epicurean guarantees.  For me they are Mexican, Indian, Korean (BBQ), Japanese (Sushi) and Spanish (Tapas).  These change on a regular basis, however Thai has been delinquent for some time now.  This red-headed step child has not seen the podium in over 2 years and this is due to the homogenous nature of so many Thai restaurants; that's right I'm including those "authentic" joints that litter Hollywood Blvd. in Thai town too!   In the window hangs a "B" rating, so if you are loathed to try anything less than and an "A" steer clear, but boy wouldn't that limit the culinary possibilities and it would leave Chinese almost completely out, unless you consider "PF Charge too much" Chinese.  Thai Paradise, I know the name sounds synthetic, but the chow couldn't be more bona fide.  The place is tastefully decorated, nothing fancy, but three or so notches above your average Thai joint. Don't expect a Saladang or Chan Dara, it's not exactly fit for a Crown Prince and you're not going to see Elvis reincarnated as diminutive and elderly Thai man, but like I said it is notches above an Oacha or Thai BBQ.  Located on the west-side of Atlantic just north of Garvey, you can't miss the street side establishment with the purple awning.   The dishes are freshly prepared and the Scoville scale is pushed regularly with their 1-10 heat rating.  If you've ever tempted fate by eating a freshly prepared Thai Style papaya salad on the beaches of Ko Chang and lived to tell about it, well my guess is keep it around five because your daring, but if habanero sauce is your favorite condiment, rev up the green curry to a seven or eight, it's delicious!   The clams are amazing as was evidence by the employees feasting on a mound of them when we entered on our first visit.  The 3 flavored Shrimp and Scallops are to not only esthetically pleasing but to the palate as well.  Both the greed curry beef and chicken I highly recommend, as well as the seafood tom yum soup; did not enjoy the seafood curry too much, not that you wouldn't it just wasn't my bag.  Down side, yes there's a down-side no ones perfect.  They are in a very busy shopping center and it is difficult to park, but don't be discouraged just be patient, a Mercedes will be leaving soon.  Oh yeah and they have not yet received their alcohol license.  And upon my first visit I was thoroughly disappointed, I mean really I don't frequent any place that does not serve alcohol, it's a prerequisite.  Did I say down-side, I meant up-side, for you, BYOB.  Just call ahead of time to make sure they know your going to come and so they can seat you appropriately.  I have left this place so full I have not yet had an opportunity to sample their mango and sticky rice dessert, but it looked wonderful.
4 Only thing I wish is that I had four stomachs like a cow. Now, that being said we were looking for a Thai restaurant nearby that had at least a hint of authenticity. I'm glad we came here, it was sooo good. I can't stop thinking, talking, and fantasizing about this place. I agree that it is a tad more expensive then the average Thai place in the area, but you get what you pay for. Everything we had tasted very fresh, and the service was great. All the plates were big enough for two lunches the next day. List of what we ate:-Chicken Pad Thai-Spicy seafood soup-Spicy shrimp fried rice
3.5 Pricey for what you get.Typical thai food.They need a "wow! This shit is good!" Kinda dish.Service could use some improvement.
4.5 Thai Paradise has really good food and excellent customer service. My husband and decided to check them out and we were pleased
4.5 Best pineapple fried rice ever! Yummy. The yellow curry was Creamy and perfect balance. Thai iced coffee strong and not overly sweet. New favorite Thai spot!
4 I used to dine in this restaurant and delivery.today I ordered 3 items orange chicken, phat see wu and spicy fried rice, it was worst taste. Devery was so late and even taste was so bad I didn't finish half of my food. I am so disappointed. Totally wasting my money
4 We were very hungry and this was  a good place.  Everybody shoukd try it!!!  The soup was great and the thai ice tea was refreshing
4 Very spacious dinning room and the food is wonderful. Pad-Thai noddles were a delight!
4 Thai Paradise has 3 locations in the area.  The interior of this place is probably the nicest of the three.  Loved the ambiance.If you have a Thai Food craving, this is definitely one of the better options in the san gabriel valley.  Their lunch specials, which range from $6-8, are a great value.  It comes with soup or salad, an entree, and a red bean dessert.  I do have to say, though, that some dishes are better than others.  Their tom yum, panang, red curry, and yellow curry were good.  A la carte beef/pork dishes weren't consistently strong.  Definitely consider taking advantage of the lunch specials.
4.5 Thai ParadiseInteresting ambiance, the staff wear traditional Thai style clothes and greet  you at the door with the traditional Thai bow... The place is clean and the service is great ...very attentive staff... Now let's get down to the really important stuff. The food, it was really good . The fish cake appetizers were good , the Pad Thai was excellent and I ordered a pork dish with sticky rice that was good.... all in all four stars... I just wish they had more desert offerings... Note-check out the waiters hair.... interestingParking can be rough ... try second level behind buildingRestroom was clean V
4.4 Anytime I'm in the mood for Thai food and I don't want to travel far, I always find myself at this restaurant. I've been to this restaurant with my bestfriend several times now (I'm always too lazy to write a review... Until now). The service is always great and the food is always delicious.My bestfriend and I usually get the coconut chicken soup, beef pad see ew and the fried green tea ice cream. The prices are not bad at all - around $9 to $10 per dish and $5.50 for dessert. Overall, a meal that is definitely satisfying.
3.6 This place is very nice and pretty, Thai Paradise is my favorite place to go to for Thai Food!
5 We have ordered from here a few times but the food we picked up last night was the worst Thai food I have ever eaten, we threw most of it away. I hope it was just an off night, it was really bad.
5 Great service, good food and nice atmosphere. The spring rolls were amazing! We also had pork drunken noodles, beef red curry and eggplant. All delicious. Here on business and would take clients again. Only giving a 4 and not a 5 because there's a lot of competition and it was the best ever
5 The service is good and the food is really good. The crab fried rice is a must try. The favor is good and they actually use real crab meat. The dessert is free and yummy. I been here several time and they never fail me.
5 I always see this place but was never tempted to try because for one, I'm very picky on my Thai Food and for two most Thai food places I've tried in the SAG valley have not impressed me once since I have my normal fave thai restaurant already that I've been going to for years, but now that I've moved further I don't get to stop by more often when I actually do want some Thai food. We stopped by unexpectedly since the Japanese restaurant on the other side was too full on wait list, we decided to give this one a try. I don't know why but majority of the Thai Food restaurants on this side of town always try to look up-scale or fancy which in Thai Town, it's the opposite. There prices are not bad but I do think they are over price for some plates like curry dishes or pad thai. That's a usual dish that everyone orders so unless it taste like a luxurious version, it shouldn't cost that much. As for the food, we ordered the chicken coconut curry soup, the appetizer of dumpling, shrimp and eggrolls, and sweet and sour pork. The food wasn't that bad, the soup tasted like a mixture of the tom yum soup and the curry together which I never knew mixing the two would be so interesting. It's was sweet and sour, something I was surprised about but it was quite good. Not so heavy or thick as I would have wanted it. The service was good, it's cute that they wore the traditional thai clothes as a server. Overall, it was actually a good dinner. Although I don't think I would come again unless I was craving for Thai food and is too lazy to go although the way to Thai Town.
5 This place has such a pretty setting..the decor is so nice & pretty... =) the food is so colorful & beautiful..the service was ok & the price was good..this is def. 1 of the best Thai places that I've been too.. DELICIOUS big ball of green tea ice cream...yummy! =)
4 The two stars is based on the terrible service I received from the moment I sat down to the time I left.  I've been to the Las Tunas location and have always enjoyed the food and friendly service.  The staff at this location stinks.  My family and I originally planned on going to the Tofu House located upstairs of the plaza.  Unfortunately, it's out of business!!  We settled for Thai Paradise because most of the party likes Thai food and we've all been to the Las Tunas location and expected the same quality food and service.  Boy were we wrong!  My mom and I came before the rest of the party.   I asked the hostess/waitress for a table of seven.  She didn't say "please follow me" or "come this way".  Just walked right over to the table and looked at us till we followed.  After we were seated, no one came to our table to ask us if we cared for any drinks or anything.  As the rest of our party arrived and was seated, we waited for a good ten minutes before anyone came to take orders for drinks or appetizers.  Might I add that we had a toddler and a baby in a high chair so seating was a bit cramped.  It didn't help that they sat us in between two other tables that was also in the same situation!  The kids kept bumping into each other and it was very uncomfortable.  My brother-in-law asked the waitress if we could move to the table on the opposite side of the wall.  That entire section had vacant tables!  She rolled her eyes and rudely replied, "They're the same size tables."  Thanks genius.   We didn't move tables and was uncomfortable and squished for the rest of the meal.  The food wasn't as lousy as the service but a bit overpriced.  We ordered Tom Yum soup (chicken), spicy noodles, lard-na, three flavor shrimp and scallops, and some rice dish.  Spicy noodles had good flavor and was as spicy as we ordered it.  I felt like I didn't get much of the actual dish because they pile the noodles on top of lettuce.  I found that really weird and I got a good chunk of lettuce every time I scooped some noodle onto my plate.  Same thing for the three flavor shrimp and scallops-- arranged on shredded lettuce this time!  Overall, the food was okay but I've had much tastier and more generous servings at other restaurants.  I brought two cakes to the restaurant because we were celebrating my mom and brother-in-law's bday.  Throughout the entire meal, everyone tried to wave down other waitresses other than our own.  I made sure to do this when I asked for the cakes.  The lady who helped me had curly hair and she was actually very nice!  I wish I spotted her earlier in the evening.  Two stars instead of one because she was nice and helpful.  The table had rice and sauce all over it but no one bothered to clean it before the cakes were served.  We quickly finished our dessert and paid the bill.  Everyone was glad to get out of there!
4 Great food & good lunch price. Recommended.. great service too. Lots of variety of lunch combo on menu. Visit them on Atlantic in Monterey park.
3 Great family time and best thai food in LA, we been coming here for years, mango sticky rice is the best desert, we ordered fish with plum sauce, satay, and Tom yum soup. All good
3 Linner time came around, and boyfriend and I met up with a friend.  This location is a bit different for me, since I couldn't really see it from the street and parking was in the back.  Why is this odd? Because...it just is.Onto the food!  I ordered a mango sticky rice which is my Thai food staple.  It's the one item I order at every Thai restaurant.  The mango was sweet and delectable. The sticky rice was...too sweet and not really that sticky.Boyfriend had the Panag chicken curry.  It was just 3 stars in my opinion.   A strong 3 stars, but again, just a 3 stars.  The spicy curry flavor just wasn't very present, and I could barely taste the peanut flavor either.  In all honesty, it tasted like just a heavy cream with a little curry flavor, with some vegetables.Mr. Friend had the pad thai.  I didn't try it, but they definitely do NOT skimp on portions here, so you're getting what you paid for!  Perhaps I'll try this place again for the pad thai or other items...
4 My second time coming here.. I love it! The service is quick, super friendly. The food is delicious and servings are pretty big. I'll definitely be back!
4.5 I don't go here often enough. They're very thoughtful. Especially on holidays. My aunt and uncle went her on Valentine's day and they gave out mugs and little stuffed animals to people. The food is good.  Got introduced to angel wings here and there pretty addicting.
4.2 My husband and I usually come here when we are craving Thai late night. They also deliver to our neighborhood so it's very convienient! We alwasy order the same thing. Tom Ka Kai (with shrimp)---we've had some bad and good experiances with this dish. Larger portion when you dine in versus take out. Also, it can be very watery at times, depending on the chef. Spicy Cashew Chicken----love this dish! but very spicy! They also can vary on this dish. Sometimes more cashews than other times.Garlic and Pepper Beef----Great Dish! Always consistant! Pad Thai---great everytime. No complaints! Pineapple Fried Rice---the best ever! no complaints about this dish..EVER!! The service here is always great! it's always just my husband and I when we go but we have seen them seat and serve very large parites.
4.5 I order for delivery from them quite often. I like their food. It is good. I often ordered Pineapple Fried Rice, Pad Thai, and/or a vegetable dish from the A La Cart section. Sometimes I would change around my order for curry, appetizers (usually pork jerky or BBQ Pork Ribs), and/or dessert (Sticky Rice with Mango or Durian when I am in the mood.)They offer free delivery with in 3 miles; $15 minimum for lunch order and $20 minimum for dinner order. Every time I place the delivery order, the food arrive fairly fast.
4 I like the food here. Nice selections of food. The parking is also nice too. I like the pad thai and thai tea here
3.5 Woah! I have never had such amazing flavors in food! Absolutely brilliant service as well! My friends and I split a bunch of dishes and all of us were so impressed! They even had desserts that were out of this world! That dark sticky rice! So good!! Def our new spot! Honestly have never had Tai food before but my friend is a boss foodie and agrees this Tai is the best!
4.5 We usually get yellow curry with shrimp and we are never disappointed. I live in the area and think that Thai paradise is better than Thai purple, no doubt.
4.5 This place is great.  I always get my favorite crab meat fired rice and Thai ice tea. Food quality is great with excellent service.  This is my place for Thai food in Los Angeles area.
4 Really good lunch specials. Comes with salad/soup and a nice little dessert at the end. Leave a review to get a free thai tea, coffee or soft drink.
4 The reason I give it a four because some of the curry dish is not a 5 rating. Over all I have been eating in this place for almost 20 years, and my chu chi prawn never fail me.
4 Truly one of the best thai restaurant in the San Gabriel valley.  I've been to far too many thai restaurants in the area thats been nothing but disappointment.  I was pleasantly surprised with quality and taste of the food that this place has to offered.  The authenticity of their food and their friendly service are really what sets them apart from the competitions.  I do recommend this restaurant to all that seeks for real thai food with variety of selections that you can choose from.  Five stars in my humble opinion!q
4 Whenever I eat Thai food, I order the same things:  Pad Thai, Pad See Ew, and some sort of Curry.My friends and I had all of the above, with Red Curry and Beef Satay Skewers.  The beef skewers were very tender and easy to take off the skewer.  I would totally recommend it!Pad Thai was also very good and the Pad See Ew had a lot of meat in it.  Some places give you a few pieces of meat, but this place had a good amount.  It wasn't too salty like the other places.The Red Curry was very flavorful.  We got it in mild and it was perfect.  Definitely will be returning to this place.  I think I saw an ad where they deliver within a few miles radius and they serve special lunch and dinner.
4.5 Dropped in after a routine boba run after realizing that I was starving. Though it was an awkward time to be eating, around 330-4 pm, there were probably 10+ tables of people dining. A good sign.The service was fast and the food was tasty. I got the pad kee mow (spicy noodles on their menu), and it was exactly what I wanted and expected. Flavorful, well spiced, good portion size, fat rice noodles, and fresh peppers. I enjoyed the little dessert soup they gave us, and appreciated that they didn't get mad at us for drinking Half & Half boba in there.Seems like a winning combination! Too bad I'm not closer.
4.5 Been here many times with family, friends, and colleagues!   Great food and services!
3.6 Pretty good Thai food for a reasonable price.  I probably wouldn't go out of my way from another city to get Thai food here, but it's the best Thai food that I know in the immediate area.  Most entree prices are between $8-12, and you get pretty full with just one entree per person.  We payed $12 per person including tax and tip today.Dishes: The curries are good with a generous portion - I especially like the green curry.  You can choose what spiciness you want - I always get mild, because for me it has just the right amount of kick to it.   You can choose what kind of meat you want or have tofu instead.I tried the Moo Ping (pork skewers with sticky rice) for the first time today, and it was delicious!  They have this special sour sauce which I have no idea what they put in, but it went great with the meat!  The Pad Thai is good - nothing special but a solid dish when you don't know what to get.I didn't really like the fried rice here, but I guess it's because I compare it to the pretty good fried rice that some other Chinese restaurants have around here.  Service: The waiters here are pretty attentive unless it gets complete packed and you're sitting in the very corner of the restaurant.  Nothing to complain about too much though.Seating: Pretty spacious, and I think it would be good for relatively large parties.Parking: It's in a complex with a fair number of spaces (free) in the back.All in all, my go-to Thai place in this area of Monterey Park/Alhambra.
4 Great food, Pad Thai is always a must to order. We tried the spare ribs and the stuffed fried chicken wings. Very nice service and atmosphere. Nice place for a party as well. They will help you setup your party area nicely.
4 I like their pad thai. It's very clean, and nicely decorated:) their satay is also really good.
5 Good lunch prices. The service is excellent and the food is delicious. Been coming here for years and I would recommend this place for a large group.My fav is the pad see ew and the tom yum seafood.
4 very friendly service and delicious dishes! Ordered mussamun curry and a spicy salad. yum!
4 Food is traditionally good and in accordance to cultural taste.  Given very few Thai restaurants nearby, this is better than the rest.  Atmosphere is very comfortable and pleasing to senses of space, decor, food.
5 Thai Paradise is one of my favorite Thai restaurant to go to. Great customer service and great food!
5 Service is usually excellent, and food is definitely above average. I've had better Thai food, but this place isn't bad at all, and it's close to my house. It's my go-to place when I am working from home and need to have a quick lunch.
5 Tom Yum Noodle Soup is great! The ingredients are not very enticing. Just very standard stuff, but a lot of other dishes were wonderful too.
4 Not terrible. Place was about half-full when I arrived, and by the time I left, most of the restaurant was full. I asked for mild/medium, but they made my larb gai not spicy at all.... They must have been fooled since I'm a white girl! Anyway, it was a nice dinner, quick service, good decor.
5 Very nice Thai Resturant, food and service are very nice..price is very reasonable as well
4.4 First place I ever tried Thai Tea and LOVED it! I can't wait to come back to try more, especially since this place is so close to my new apartment!
3.6 Great food I been here alot of times... sticky rice  and mango it my favorite & the shrimp fried rice
4.5 My favorite Thai place in town! Service is friendly & prompt. Yellow curry with veggies is my favorite along with Moo Ping with sticky rice, pad Thai & Coconut soup!
4 Food here was OK, the waitress was a bit nonchalant-I-hate-my-job but the hostess (and maybe manager from the way she was dressed??) was extremely nice and gracious. I liked her mucho. We tried the yellow curry, spring rolls, and pad woon sen. The yellow curry and spring rolls were decent, but the pad woon sen was below the benchmark for PWS :( I guess I will have to try this place again, but it was just mediocre and I would prefer to spend my money on Thai grub elsewhere....Yummilicious Factor = B-
3.5 Best food ever! Love the rad na. This is my go to place for thai food, best service.. their sticky rice is amazing too!!!
4.5 Good food and great service. Free dessert is the best part!                                       .
4.5 A few notables: Grilled Beef SaladPenang Chicken CurryChicken Pad ThaiAll were very tasty and service is immaculate.  I find it very hard to believe a place like this would have poor food and service.  Their decor and genuine greetings welcomed my appetite with open arms. I'll be back soon but lately I've been having TOO much Thai food.  This place definitely deserves a visit especially to those who have never tried Thai cuisine before. =)
4 This place serves pretty good Thai food. I usually judge Thai restaurants by the quality of their pad thai or fried rice, and the pad thai is delicious! It's a bit expensive for Thai food, but the atmosphere is so pretty!Much better than the Green Papaya. It's a tie with Chandra. I went to the other Thai Paradise on Las Tunas and it seemed much better.
4 Who:  Mom, Bro, Sis, MyselfWhat:  DinnerWhen:  last night (Thursday) @ ~ 9PMWhere:  Nice Dinner SeatHow:  Chopsticks, Fork, Spoon, Plate, Bowl, CupWhy:  Early Mother's Day Dinner!!!On the Menu:-  Steamed Fish in a Lemon Sauce/Soup ***-  Spicy Basil Chicken on Soft Tofu *****-  "Paradise Beef" ****-  Fish Cakes *****-  "Supreme Noodles" with Chkn *****My favorites for the night would have to be the noodles and the tofu.  The noodles came out smelling GOOD.  The combination of the spicy ground chicken in a light sauce on top of a bed of soft noodles just worked out perfectly for my taste buds.  I could NOT have picked a better dish.  I have a weakness for flavorful tofu dishes.Fish Cakes = Good, not fantastic, but GOODParadise Beef = Came on top of a bed of lettuce with a green dipping saucse.  I LOVE how the lettuce tastes with the beef and its juicessssssssssssThe Fish... didn't taste that fresh.  Seemed to be one of their signature dishes but was just... okay...  a bit of a disappointment.the SERVICE was up up up there.  The staff is dressed in traditional garbs.  Although they have accents, it was not hard to understand.  The girl that took our order read BACK our order to us - this is something I haven't had in a while.  Throughout the evening (maybe it's because it wasn't that busy) but they brought over anything we needed in seconds.  The food came out quickly one after another.  My brother had his water refilled promptly even without asking.  When they started to remove stuff off of our table, they asked if they could with a wave of a hand.  Dinner came with complimentary dessert (some red bean/rice thing in a cute little bowl).  They boxed up our leftovers quickly and professionally.  Upon leaving they said their good byes.Prices are reasonable.  Service was impeccable.  Location is great.  Right next door to a CeFiore, Starbucks, Beard Papa's if you want a dessert.5 Stars FTW.
4 Great service, no wait! Our family's favorite Thai restaurant in the area. Their food is amazing. Authentic and fresh food. Great variety!
4.5 Typical thai restaurant serving a decent selection of food.  The food is more expensive here... about $1-2 more than usual Thai food prices.Lunch specials are good though.Service is always friendly and hospitable.
4 THEY DELIVER!!!Their Beef is wayyyy better than any Chicken dishes.Thai Paradise Beef is MOUTHwatering.
3.6 First time here and loving the atmosphere and the artwork. The food looks good and smell great. Great services so far...
4.4 Good pad thai,  great family environment this place is worth coming! I would recommend it!Hot tea was on point... my wife ordered the chicken teriyaki plate which allowed my 2 year old son to enjoy!
5 Thai food anyone?  Best little hole in the wall in Monterey Park for Thai food.  Love their green and yellow curry dishes, fried fish, pad se ewh, pad thai, etc.Parking is conveniently located on the street right outside the front door or, around the back for additional parking.
5 Great service, delicious food, and plenty of parking in the lot behind. Plus a rate on Yelp gets you a free drink, so come on and try this Thai cuisine.
2 I got the pad thai to go for my lunch today, and when I got back to the office. The pad thai was all stuck together, it wasn't even in strands, it was like a clump. I went here because I never tried their pad thai, but I don't think i'll come back again. It was 6.95 for lunch special too. Kind of pricey for lunch special and it wasn't alot.
5 Love this place. Always come here with my family.  Rarely a wait because the place is decently sized. Great food. Great service.  We always get the pad Thai and the Thai paradise beef.
4 Over rated.  Thai Papaya salad should be using cabbages instead of lettuce.  Tom yum soup too light or thin, not too tasty.  Shrimp cake not even close to authentic Thai shrimp cake.   Hope they can do better in the future.
5 My first time ordering delivery from Thai Paradise. After placing the order, I received an email confirmation. They pack the food well so it won't spill. I will definitely order here again. The delivery guy was very nice too.
5 3.9999999999...et alI don't know what they were thinking.... or even if they recognized me as a yelper, but they were extremely nice.  I've never been treated this way in a restaurant.  Especially at lunch time.Today:  It began in rain.  Nice and cold.  But, it is my sister's birthday and me and my father are taking her out to lunch.  (Happy bDay sis!)  This place is down the street from her, and across the street from one of my favorite seafood markets.  (got some bass from that place too).  From the outside there's nothing flaunting about it.  Just the aroma of food being cooked.  Walking in, we are quickly greeted, i raise three fingers and we are seated.  It's lunch time, so I'm a bit surprised, it was a full room.  Right away they brought us our waters, and were friendly and kind and joked with us.  I ordered the squid salad, as i always do.  [My sister forced me to order the mild!  That's your birthday present!]  My sister ordered the pad Thai.  My father, uhm... some kabob thingy, i forgot what it was called. (beef and chicken skewers?  my dad just pointed to the picture).  We mention that we're on my sister's lunch break, kindly implying that we don't have a lot of time, and that it's my sister's birthday.  Though they thought we were saying that it was mine and that they check id.  =P (I'm 28.  i think).  The food came out very quickly, and tasted very good.  My father got one or two free refills on coffee.  My sister and i had tea.  Couldn't figure out if it was jasmine or green.  I brought home the squid that i didn't finish! =) The only problems i had where that they used iceberg lettuce in my salad and the peanut dipping sauce was too salty.  They also brought us (for desert) and i don't know if it was because it was my sister's birthday, some bean-korn tapioca thingy.  I liked it but my sister didn't.They were kind and generous to us.  I loved it.  It put a smile on my face.  And better yet, my sister's.  Even as we were leaving they were doing that kind of bowing thing that you see in the movies.  In other words...Thank you.Second visit:Went back thursday.  Packed.  Immediate seating, no reservations.  did i mention packed.  Squid salad... etc. et.c food good.  the hostess made me smile.  I think that was the big thing. (no perverse replies).  She was just so very human.
4 Came here with my family for lunch because I was craving Thai food. I had high expectations for this place due to the fact that I read some really good reviews about it. When my order of Pad Thai, fish cake, and TomYum shrimp soup came, I was pretty disappointed.  The Pad Thai noodles were really soggy and over cooked, the fish cake was fairly good but the TomYum soup was so salty and it made my tongue really dry. They also had fried ice cream. Which sounds oddly weird to me but I still tried it. It was decent, just tasted like the ones you could get from the store. L.A county fair has better fried ice cream though...But after I left this place I had a weird feeling in my body, my tongue was super dry, and I had a massive headache
3 This place is overrated. 3 stars max. I gave 2 to try to correct it. It's not bad, but it ain't good. It's usually empty in an area where restaurants are packed, so do the math.
5 I absolutely love this place! come here if you want authentic Thai food. I had the Spicy beef salad, Thai Paradise beef, Spicy ground chicken with tofu, sticky rice and Pad Thai. I was very surprised that all their dishes were all so good! :) Delicious!...
4.5 Wow great service and amazing authentic food.   Orange chicken has a citrus flavor that my entire family loved
4.2 Love this place! The decor is beautiful and seating is spaced adequately. We had the yellow curry seafood, drunken noodles, and basil chicken tofu. I'd recommend this to all my friends, came here for lunch with coworkers and we all enjoyed the food.
4.5 Delicious!!!! Service was great as well. I highly recommend the soup as a starter opposed to the salad.
4 I love this place. The food was so good. Mango sticky rice was so delicious. You should try it when u come here. The staff were friendly. I dont know why other people give them 3 stars but to me, five stars isnt enough
3.5 The interior of this place is very nice. Very chill. We came here for an early dinner so the place isn't too busy. The service is prompt as expected. We ordered the pad Thai noodles with shrimp and spring roles. Definitely recommendable. Give it a try!
4.5 First time trying Thai food, really good!! Dinner with the family, recommending this place to friends.
4.5 Excellent customer service and very delicious food! I would recommend this place if you like authentic Thai food.
4 First time here, excellent atmosphere and service. Pretty wide selection and menu! Took my wife here lunch and we ordered Pad Thai and Yellow Curry. Both are very good.
4 Really good food! I loved the shrimp noodles soup! And their fried bananas! I definitely recommend it! Great place to go with friends or family.
4 Have frequently been to this establishment since it opened and would say that it's been consistently good. Staff is friendly and services is good.
4.5 Very nice thai place，nice environment, delicious food. Must try pork jerry! Nice service, clean bright. I ordered the Chou Zhou noodle soup, taste! Love it!
4 My favorite Thai restaurant in the San Gabriel Valley. Been here for years and  always order their Duck Noodle Soup. Never disappoints.
4.4 Walking in to this place I was not expected to like the food. I ended leaving happy. When I order my glass of water they bright it and I drank from it and it tasted real nice compared to other Thai places I've been too.. All there food real good cooked perfect. I'm going to come back. Nice staff working here
3.6 This place has great food and ambience.  Great lunch special especially the Thai Paradise Beef.
5 I ordered the shrimp fried rice with no vegetables. It was pretty good. In terms of the ambiance, its naturally pretty Thai. They have a big screen TV to watch the game. No complaints here.
5 Prices are reasonable and portions are very large. However, the foods are quite oily and somewhat bland.The service was however pretty good. The servers are attentive and stopped by every few minutes or so to refill our waters.I always order the usual: Chicken Pad Thai, Chicken Pad See Ew, and Green/ Yellow Curry with beef. All mediocre. Best thing here is the mango with sticky rice. Good stuff :]
4 When a flyer landed on our doorstep to this place I got a little excited. A new place to try and they deliver! We ordered our usual favorites : pad thai, cashew nut chicken, beef thai salad, chicken / beef satay. Their spiciness is on point. We always ask for the cashew nut chicken to be a ten and yes it was pretty spicy. The pad thai was ok and the beef salad was pretty good. Everything was ok. Not the best and definitely not the worst. With an order over $20 you get a free appetizer : either crunchy wonton or spring rolls. If we were looking for a sit down Thai place I'd probably go with our absolutely favorite place : Saladang. But if I was looking for somewhere that delivers I wouldn't hesitate to choose Thai Paradise.
5 The service has really improved here. It's fast, courteous, and pretty good with the water refills. And they are so friendly!They still have this crazy system of 3 different menus which is confusing, but you can get a lot of things as lunch special for between $6-$8 which comes with 2 fried wontons and soup or salad. A lot of times they give you free sweet rice dessert too! I love the sweet rice dessert. You can't go wrong with practically any of the dishes here.  Not standouts but nothing bad either, just classic American Thai. It's good for groups. I like this location better than the Alhambra one because the restaurant just feels nicer and cozier.
3 First time here.  The food is delicious.  We ordered the crab fried rice and the Penang chicken curry.  They are as good as those in Thai Town.  The portions are also bigger than other Thai restaurants.
5 This is probably the best Thai restaurant I've tried in the area. We ordered the papaya salad, yellow curry, pad Thai, and beef stew noodles. All we're really amazing. Especially the yellow curry. You can instantly smell the coconut milk fragrance!
4 I ordered the spicy beef from Thai paradise during the lunch time menu and the waiter first informed me about how spicy I wanted it which was really nice. The service was quick and the food was delicious for the price of only $7.99 you get an entree, soup or salad, and steamed rice. Definitely will be coming back!
4 This is my first time here. Ordered coconut soup. Taste so good. You should try it. I also ordered pad see u. Love it.
5 Delicious food!  I especially liked the yellow curry and Tom yum soup!  This restaurant could relocate to the middle of Thai town and fit right in!
5 Great green curry with beef, it's my favorite. The price of lunch special is good. Nice service with clean environment!
5 Overall, I liked this place.  It was very dead at 6:15 on a Monday night, but the decor is very nice, the service is quite friendly, and the food is yummy, if not spectacular.  The food was probably not dissimilar to what you'd find at any other Thai joint around.  Then again, maybe I don't know what to order.  I got the spicy noodle and P had the eggplant.  Both were good, but nothing special.  I did like that you get to rate spiciness on a scale of 1 to 10!  I ordered an 8 and P a 5, and there was definitely a difference between them, which I respect.  I had a thai iced tea with boba to drink; it was very sweet -- perfect for me but probably not for everyone.  Thai Paradise is very veg friendly.  Almost everything can be ordered with tofu or vegetables instead of meat.  Most options are vegan, too!  There's tons of seating, so it seems like a good place to take a large, mixed group.The decor is dressed up traditional Thai.  We sat near a window overlooking a fountain of mermaids gazing upon a pied piper Buddha of some kind.  (Perhaps this has significance in Thai culture?  I'm not sure.)  Our wait staff was quite friendly and quick to refill my water.  I meant to stop by and say "hi" to Jennifer K., but P arrived before I had a chance and I was too full afterward to remember.  Sorry!Although the food didn't blow my mind, I had a very positive experience and would definitely try it again.
4.5 Went here with the boyfriend for a Friday date night.  We wanted something good but recession friendly.This is our go to place for Thai food in San Gabriel Valley.  I usually go to Thai Town for authentic Thai food.This place is decent, it's catered more towards the general Asian-American population.  Their lunch menu is in English and Chinese, but not Thai.  We ordered Tom Yum Goong hot pot, which was good but had way too many mushrooms and about 6 pieces of shrimp, Papaya Salad (a staple for the boyfriend), and Moo Ping (my personal favorite).  We also couldn't pass up the fried ice cream...but fair warning, this thing is gigantic and can feed 4.Overall, the setting is decent, the service is decent, and the food is good. No complaints.
4.2 Good FoodFriendly service (+free dessert = awesome)Clean environment & well decoratedPrices are fair, you get what you pay for and its good.Fairly decent size restaurant with a outdoor seating, so thats a plus if you're a smoker.Recommended if you like good thai food and you're in MPK.
4.5 Still the most reliable, clean, well presented Thai establishment in the area. Always enjoy coming here.Though I have to say it was hard for me to enjoy the Spicy catfish and Tom Yum Goong today because I was crying and sniffling too hard...guess I've gotten soft in my old age. No knock on the restaurant though.
4 My husband and I from San Jose, we like to explore Thai foods in So Cal.  The reviews on this restaurant was impressive, so we order Tom Yum Kung (shrimps), chicken feet salad and House Special deep fried pork back ribs.  We were so disappointed because none of the dishes meet our expectations, the soup cooked with instant ingredients, instead of using fresh ingredients, you do not see any of lemon grass, galangal, Makrut lime leaves and basil.  The deep fried pork ribs has no favor, they used dried spices and the chicken feet salad full of onions (2/3 portion were red, yellow and green onions),  even  I like onions, but that was too much and too strong.  Overall, that was the worst Thai foods I ever had.  We love typical Thai foods and we like to explore different places.  I do not understand how they get the high reviews.  Anyway, the service was not bad.
3.5 My go to Thai place! Good service, good food. Clean place and great location to get dessert after. Pad see ew is the best!
4.5 They got a live band on Friday, which is pretty awesome.  The service is very good, the staff are very attentive regardless of how busy they are they will still come and fill up your water.  The food, its pretty good and the prices are reasonable.  The portion isn't so small, and is big enough to share with another person.
4.5 This is probably my favorite Thai food in Monterey Park. I'm in love with the green curry dish and their Thai tea. I come hear lots of time with my family and friends.
4 Legit Thai food in Monterey Park. Friendly staff, good ambiance, and skilled chef. Been here multiple times and will continue coming back. They even take care of you if you want your dishes vegan.
4 Awesome place! Really good. Pros:-Good service-Great ambiance-Really yummy food (yellow curry, shrimp coconut soup, steamed fish, pad thai, sticky rice + beef dish, etc) -Complementary deserts (so yummy, great way to finish off a great meal)
4 Really great Thai food! The prices are very reasonable and the portions are large. Our food came out very quickly. They have great service. I will definitely continue to come here.
4 Best pad thai!! My family and i usually come here for dinner and their service is great
4.5 Compare to other Thai restaurants , Thai Paradise has the best Pad-See-EW in town, and don't forget to try out their sticky rice with mango. "Fresh mango with warm coconut sauce on the sticky rice...Yummy!!
4.4 They have amazing food and their service is lovely. They atmosphere here is very calm and seemingly authentic
4.5 I only been here once but will definitely come back. PRO pork fried rice all skewer meatGreat serviceGood for big parties NEUTRAL pad thai tom yum soupCONBasil fishbrings dishes with their thumb in it. . . . lolok gross i know you may man handle things in the back but if i see your hands and fingers in the suppose clean dishes I'm about to eat with it really kills my appetite. . just saying you know. . .?
5 Feeling kind of under the weather, so we came for some shrimp tom yum soup! Can never go wrong with that :)
5 Good food! The special menu is delicious. My daughter and I ordered the fresh young coconut, and it is delicious!
5 Update 5/14/18: returned and had grilled beef salad, which was really good! The pad see ew was great too. Service was excellent.
5 Yummy! The food was delicious, and I am happy. Everything came out quickly. Service was excellent.
5 First time eating Thai food in LA. Great experience! I strongly recommend Tom Ka Kai!!! It was so delicious!!! Not too sour, not to spicy. Just perfect!!!
4 By far my favorite Thai restaurant! The food is delicious  Staff are super friendly and attentive.
4 Rate for free drink, but not first time come in; however it is a good place for Thai food in la
4 Rate for the drink, first time here and I would like to try their green curry seafood. Since I live around this area, I always saw there are so many people here, which is why I decided to come and try this restaurant.
5 Great local Thai place for lunch.I've been here many times and ordered out several times and each time is a good experience.
4 Good food, friendly service + free dessert and the prices are fair , this place is my fav place for the Thai food , i been this place since 7 years  in the other branch @ Las Tunas , the only think my concerned is when they plate the food please don't use the plate if the plate chip / crack on the tip . Other wise i will give 5 star for this place . But i will recomended this place the best thai food in MPK and San Gabriel area
3.6 Such a fan of Thai Paradise! We are licals and this is our favorite local Thai restaurant.
3.6 Came on a Saturday midday for a bday. Parking wasn't an issue in fact was shaded parking. place is very clean and the food was tasty. I have been to many Thai restaraunts yet this is the best around this area.Try the mango sticky rice!
4.5 What ever I come is Thai Paradise Good employees and wonderful food Cheaper price and excellent environment If you want to eat some spicy food you can come here and enjoy it Thank you for you let me have a good dining time.
4 Decent food,  the curry wasn't all that great (and a good curry is the foundation of any good Thai restaurant).  Nicer then average decor, prices were about standard for this type of restaurant.  I'd go back but not often
3.5 The crab fried rice is so good I have to drive from Chino Hills. The service is excellent and food is fast too. Will try their super tom yum noodles next.
4.5 Excellent place, good food and fast customer  service! I love coming here. Price is reasonable and the best part is that they are family friendly.
4.5 The food was delicious and its my new favorite Thai place. It was already my girlfriends favorite Thai food restaurant, it never lets her down with her favorite PAD SEE EW
4 The hospitality they show is so welcoming the vibe and mood is set right! Food is great and servers are attentive. Wait time also goes by very fast! Definitely coming back!
4 3.5 stars.I'm a sucker for Thai food. :)Whenever I come here, I always order the spicy chicken + soft tofu. :) delish! :)Our group got ...spicy noodlescrispy porkand the curry name that i can't spell ... it's a really long name...Excellent food. What's awesome is that they were giving away free mango sticky rice if you bring your mom! Too bad no one had their mom with them in our group... =p My only wish is that their portions were larger.The rice + coconut milk dessert is always a nice touch at the end. BTW, their medium spicy is spicier than your typical "medium"... if you can't handle spiciness - stick with mild. :)
4 Second Asian meal since I came back from Arizona....and well compare to the Thai cuisine I had in Arizona...this place is just a tad better. I've been here several times before...and the only thing I really like is the complimentary sweet sticky rice dessert they give at the end of the meal. I came here once again because my bf wanted Thai, has not tried this place before and because we were in the area. So I ordered something different this time...usually I get like Pad Thai or Pad See Ew but this time I went with the Spicy Basil Duck. It was pretty darn good! Now there's a dish I finally like here. My bf went with the safe choice of Chicken Pad Thai....haha but it's not bad just the portions were small. I also like the crispy fried flat wantons that comes with the meal...crunchy and tasty when dipped in the sweet and sour sauce. My meal also came with a bowl of Tom Yum soup...which wasn't too bad. The service was very friendly but like the other times I've come they aren't too busy even on a Saturday at lunchtime. They have customers but compare to the other restaurants around it they are pretty slow. I really don't mind coming here again it's more of 3 stars and 1/2. The prices are similar to other Thai restaurants....around $7-12 bucks for lunch not including a drink though.
4 One of my favorite Thai restaurants. I love all the dishes I've ordered here. From the pad thai to the curry, it's all good. :D It's pretty reasonably priced too. They give you a free little dessert for dinner at the end. Delicious red bean with tapioca pearls and coconut milk. Their parking lot is kinda small but I've never had an issue finding parking here. It's a big restaurant too and I've never had to wait for a table. It's good for big groups since they have lots of space and some big tables in the back.
4.5 I'm guilty of saying I've been here too many times, and I plan on eating here even more in the near future. This is my go-to Thai restaurant. The environment and utensils are all very clean and neat. The employees are all friendly. I would recommend the beef satay.
4.5 My husband and I love coming to this place.  They have great food with large portions.  The service is great and it's a fairly large Thai restaurant with lots of seating available. Their Pad See Ew, Pad Thai, Rad Na, Yellow Chicken Curry and Pineapple Fried Rice are my favorite dishes.  They also have amazing Tom Yum Soup and Thai Beef Salad.  Typically, the portions are so big that usually my husband and I order two dishes and a soup and we have enough leftovers to last us for dinner the next day. They also give you a complimentary dessert of black rice in coconut milk that while small, is always something I look forward to at the end of my meal.  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a Thai place in the area.
4.3 Location/Accessibility: easy to find, located on Atlantic, before Garvey (if you are going South).Ambiance: indoor seating. avg noisy. good for groups. decor provides a nice feel.Parking: street parking, parking structure in the rear.Dress Code: casual.Menu options: soups, salads, curry, fish, veggies, traditional thai dishes.Ordered: I've been here several times and have ordered chicken satay, larb salad, pad see ew, red and yellow curry (to name a few). Food is good and flavorful. Service: Staff is friendly and food came out in a timely manner. However on my last visit (this past weekend), there was one waitress who was sloppy. As she brought the food she just threw it down and on another dish tilted it (the sauce spilled). When she refilled the water, she was not careful and it splashed everywhere.Price: On avg $14/ppOverall experience: I like the food, and the service is usually good. Willing to try again.
5 Plenty of parking spaces. Food here are delicious. Restaurant is clean. Music is pretty decent. My favorite dishes are Pad Thai and Tom Yum soup.
5 The place is clean. Food are delicious. I personally like the mango sticky rice. It's a must try.
5 My favorite Thai restaurant in Monterey Park! Favorites are pad prik king with beef (mild is still pretty spicy, so I always get mild), and the pineapple fried rice. Also love the coconut mango sticky rice dish! They deliver and you get free appetizers with a $25 order!
5 Great place for Thai food! The inside is clean and decorative. Quiet place to chat with friends or clients. Plenty of parking in the structure or right outside on the street. I ordered the cat fish (mild) from the lunch menu and it was a good size portion and tasted pretty darn good.I would only go during lunchtime though for their lunch menu. Prices can be expensive for dinner. They also give you a red bean soup after your meal. Pleasant workers and classy place to be!
5 A family favorite. Food is always delicious and fresh.-satay is very tender-Fried pork is a favorite Service is great. My family and I enjoy eating here.
5 Restaurant is nice and clean. The satay is very good. Really juicy and sauce is delicious. Service is great. Definitely will come again.
5 Very good authentic Thai food and great decor inside with a lot of space for seating. Would definitely come back here again
5 i want more vegetables. i ordered the garlic pepper shrimp and scallops, and the flavor is not nearly as good as other places'.
5 Excellent service..Food was phenomenal..My date was gorgeous..Forget the food I just want to stare at her  why am I even here..Is it even good to eat past 9?    I just learned that goong is shrimp in Thai . OK that's enough
4 Love this restaurant, it is our go-to dinner on a regular basis. We love the ong choy -- only place I've ever been able to order and satisfy tastes from my childhood. I'm a vegetarian, and all the dishes can substitute soft or fried tofu. One of our favorites is tom ka kai soup with tofu instead of chicken (yes, I know that makes it something other than tom ka KAI) and extra mushrooms. Service in the restaurant is always fast and the food is always good. Pick-up is super easy, especially ordering through yelp!
5 It was a nice and inviting place when you first walk in.  However, as far as the food goes, the Tom Yum Kai soup wasn't as tasty as I had hope.  It was a little bland.  The 3 Flavors Fish was actually quite good.  Overall, I would probably come back again just to try other dishes.  We saw a dish the table next to us ordered and it looks really good.
4.3 This place has good service. The food looks and tastes good and is well organized. Very nice! I like this place, it's a good place to chill and has good desserts. The tea served here is very good! It looks very pretty and tastes very good! The service welcomed us kindly and was very polite and quick. Good job guys :)
4.2 Love the selections of Thai food. The green curry is so good and the seafood sweet sour soup is very very delicious!  Good service and plenty of seats. Nice place for work lunch.
4.5 Best Thai place in 626. Service is good and food is good also! My favorite is the Thai paradise beef and the Pad Thai.
4 Good food and friendly staff. It was a great experience. Parking was quite easy on a  Monday night around 8pm. No wait is big plus! I like my Thai iced tea less sweet tho. Overall a Good job Thai Paradise!
3.5 Excellent service, great food, very nice and clean enviroment, the price is affordable
4.5 This place honestly deserves 5 stars if you are looking for fresh clean food. In monterey park where most places use msg and all additive stuff paradise Thai is one of very few (maybe 3-4) places that I could eat at. Service is great (no service at 99% of restaurant in Monterey Park). Delivery takes some time, usually 30-45 mins but we don't mind for the quality. If you are looking for fresh clean, good service good taste (not salty msg) then this is the place to go to in MPK. Yes they are a couple bucks more each dishes. They need to make money and they deserve it for what they put it. I believe it's well worth the value you get.
4.5 Nice environment and plenty of good food. The service here is also very nice. Would come again.
4 This is probably my favorite thai food ever in Monterey Park! I love how they decorate their restaurants and clean atmosphere. We ordered papaya salad, pad tai, yellow curry, and pineapple fried rice and they are all definetly delicious!
4 Great food. Great atmosphere. And most of all, the price is reasonable. I ordered three dishes and it was enough for 3 people. I would comeback anytime.
4 A great Thai place for lunch.  The yellow and paneng curries are tasty with just the amount of spice.  The thai paradise beef is also not to be missed.  Decor is unique and service is friendly.  To-go/delivery are also helpful.  I even enjoyed the dessert, a lukewarm rice pudding.Exceeds expectations.
4 I've been coming here with my family for a long time. The classics are great. The service is kind of hit or miss and the staff isn't super fluent in English, so you have to be patient. But they're very nice and accommodating.
4.5 A great place for lunch or dinner. The prices are cheap for the quality of the food. I always enjoy the pad Thai whenever I stop by!
3.6 Server was friendly and persistent,I would definitely recommend this place based on atmosphere and service.
4.4 This place is very cozy, dim lighting and feels very homely. food is great as well. 5 stars
4 This is my 3rd time coming here and every time has been delicious. I recommend the pad Thai and tom yum soup. This place is also reasonably price and won't break the bank. I would come here with a large group.
5 I've been here many times before and I always get the Pad Thai. It's my go to place for Thai food and their Thai tea is hella good. I recommend this place. The inside is very comfortable, it's not too crowded but not empty. Very clean and friendly staff.
5 Beautiful and clean restaurant with delicious food! I ordered the Lad Na noodle dish with tofu and it was so good!
5 Favorite Thai restaurant on the San Gabriel Valley. Food is flavorful and authentic. You csn tell they dont cut cost on ingredients. Servers are friendly and fast. Dont know why this place got 3 and half stars.
5 One of my favorite local places.  Saturday night has live music and so far all the food has been good.  We have experimented with several different plates here and they all have been good.  When I am not wanting Monterey Park famous Chinese food, I go for Thai.  Love this place and in fact plan on going for more in the near future.  I have gone here so many times within the last 2 months the band knows me.  I always enjoy a live band.
5 After the show 4 of us walked over to this place, friends recommended it. They ordered for us and we ended up with the pad thai with shrimp, satay chicken and beef, pad se ew, pineapple fried rice, yellow curry chicken, and some steamed rice (which was $3 btw).Pad thai with shrimp was the best dish out of it all. The se ew was very tasty as well. The curry was ok and the pineapple rice was ok. The place itself is nice and reasonably priced. about $54 for 4 of us, we had left-overs as well. The most interesting part of the visit was when I went to wash my hands...i consider myself a pretty hard bathroom critic. As soon as I walk in i notice that the urinal is really very super close to the sink and there is no little divider. refer to the picture i took, so i'm thinking to myself if tehre was someone washing their hands and another person handling their business, they would be bumping shoulders. Just to be on the safe side I used teh stall. As I stepped up to the sink low and behold, a fellow patron walks in. Now does he notice the unusally close proximity of the facilities to the very sink I am standing at?! nope, he steps up to the plate and starts unloading. At this point I find myself in an awkward position, i can feel him behind me so close i know i couldnt move otherwise there would be contact. Do I turn to the paper towel dispenser risking eye contact and possibly more? Do I back up and excuse myself after a sure bump? I opted to side step ever so gently as if i was trying not to be seen, i think i had the face of someone tip toeing over a creaky floor. Thats right yelpers I opted to not dry teh hands with the towels provided, i waited until I got back to my table and used a napkin. (in case ur wondering what I used to open the door back into the restaurant, I used my elbow)
5 The service is great. They were extremely helpful and nice. The spicy catfish is something I always order and spot on every time. They also have beef satay, which is a bonus, because it isn't always served at every Thai restaurant and it is a great appetizer or something to share. I only wish that they had a wider variety of Som Tum and that's why it is 4 stars or would be 4.5 if I could do that.
5 Cute inside and everything on the menu is delicious ! Yummy pad Thai, spicy basil chicken with soft tofu and ong Choy ! Good selection and lunch specials on weekdays and weekends !Sticky rice with mango is a must.
4 I've been coming to Thai Paradise for at least 10 years. I use to love it but I really don't think it's that great anymore. Their satay wasn't impressive and their ong choy didn't have enough flavor in it. I'm glad that they still give our their free dessert because that's my favorite thing to eat here. Their Thai Tea Boba is still pretty good. Also I came in a party of 4. They seated us at a table for 4. Having been a patron of here for many years, I knew that our small table would not have enough room for all the food that was to come. We asked if we could be switched to a slightly bigger table since the place was pretty empty. They said no despite the fact there were many empty tables around. I don't know. I don't love them like I used to but I don't hate them. Their dessert is the only thing that keeps me coming back. Definitely can't compare with any of the awesome food I've had in Thailand but I guess for being in the SGV it's decent. If you want to check out other places check out my food blog at: http://ate-ate-ate.blogspot.com/
1 It was very good!!! Food was delicious and resturant has nice ambience. The servers were also really nice
5 Very nice restaurant, I had a good time here. The food was bery delicious and tasty. I would recommend to come here all the time.
4.5 Our local Thai spot.Thai Paradise Beef- My favorite. We always order two for the table. Beef is cooked medium rare w/ cucumber, lettuce, tomato, cilantro & a sour/spicy green sauce.Shrimp Coconut Soup-We have to order it medium spicy because we have a couple of wimps in the group but we order the same chili that goes in the soup on the side and then it's oh so good. Seafood Pad Thai is good...pretty standard.Kai Lan w/ Crispy Pork- This is another table favorite.  Basically chicharron w/ Chinese Broccoli
4.2 I've been here a few times since it's so close to home. I came here for lunch with the girlfriend. The lunch menu has a wide selection for affordable prices. I ordered green curry which comes with jasmine rice, fried wonton, and choice of soup or salad for only $5.99. It's an awesome deal! You get to choose the level of spiciness from 1 to 10. I got level 7, and I thought it was Armageddon in my mouth. It was spicy as hell! I maybe took a few bites before I called it quits. Boo!The girlfriend ordered the spicy basil chicken with soft tofu. She chose level 8. I think you get the picture. Despite the spiciness, I think the curry and basil chicken had a lot of flavor. I wish I could have enjoyed these dishes without having to drink  water after every bite. I'm going to make sure I hover around 4 to 6 on their level of spiciness.I read a lot about the horrible service, but it was nothing short of exceptional. I have nothing to complain about.  I think President Thai is better but this is just as comparable. It saves me gas to just drive to Thai Paradise.
4.5 Pros:   Very good Thai Food   Very good drinks   Decent Price   Nice DecorCons:   Not the best Thai cuisine I've tried, but I would definitely go back
4 My 1st time here.  Very nice decoration inside.  You can watch sport games while having dinner.  The service is excellent and foods are delicious!  Will come back and visit for sure!
3.5 I will never come here again. I ordered a shrimp fried rice yesterday. The rice was old, and it smelled funny. I called to tell them about it,  and they said they couldn't do anything about it, which made me very upset. I was not expecting them to refund or anything. Just very poor customer  services.no wonder they have bad rating. If I have a negative star. I will rate that instead. This place just build like a Thai restaurant bit the chief is not Thailand. So copy cat
4.5 First time eating Thai food, I had a great experience eating here. I would recommend this place to other people who've never eaten Thai food.
4.5 This place is great! Had the Thai sea food and it was delicious. Thai tea with boba and the Chang beer was also delicious. Can't forget the cool tunes playing in the background. I would highly recommend this place to anyone who loves Thai food. :)
4 Very clean and elegant setting, very prompt and professional service. The parking helps alot being  so close to the actual Resteraunt. Highly recommend this place to anyone looking for tastefull Thai food.
4 I always have an amazing time with my family here! Very good service and food. We always love the coconut/chicken soup and pad thai  Will be coming back soon !
4 Good service. Enjoyed the meal.  Free Thai tea or coke with review.  Price is reasonable during lunch hour.
4 The food looks amazing. The food is great. The service is kind .. order the mango sticky rice.
4.5 Very awesome dinner !!!!  Thai food is my fav!! I love it so much !! Definitely recommend to all of you guys who want Thai good!
3.6 Delicious! We ordered the:- Basil Chicken with Soft Tofu- Green Curry with Tofu- Garlic and Pepper Shrimp and ScallopsWill definitely be back again. Thanks!
4.4 This is probably my favorite Thai restaurant in the area. They have a large variety of authentic dishes along with images so you can easily pick out what you are craving. Also, the portions are quite generous so plan on sharing family style.Authentic Thai Cuisine!
5 The service here is great, been here once before and I tried their fried ice cream for he first time. It was pretty good! It did not melt and the outside stayed crispy. Overall I would come back again!
5 I have always like the lunch special at this place and come here once every couple of months. The food usually taste pretty good and I really enjoy spicy food. This time it the food was terrible. The soup was more sour then usual I could not even take a second sip.The food here usually runs really spicy.  It is a rating form 1 to 10 and 10 being most spicy.  We order a noodle dish with rating of 5 and seafood order with rating of 9.  When our food arrive the dish with the medium (5) taste the same as spicy (9).  I casually mentioned it to my server stating the noodle was too spicy and it was hard for my friend to eat.  He said the kitchen don't make mistake but he will check but never came back with any resolution.  This was not the worst part.  After we left the restaurant both of our stomach stated to hurt really really bad.  I think the food must have been contaminated or something. The worst part was that we had  diarrhea for 2 days. I am never coming back to this place again :(
5 The food was tasty and the thai tea excellent! Ambiance comfortable, easy parking to find. I also liked the free dessert my girlfriend and I received after our dinner meal.
5 I love the thai food here. Friendly staff and delicious food. Would deffently recommend it. I love the lunch special.
5 This Restaurant is clean , staff is very friendly and most importantly,  food is great!  Will definetly come back.
5 Good place. Good ppl. Good dinig.And also available for delivery. Satay chicken and Tom yang kung soup is great
5 food is great and I love pad thai! waitress is gorgeous lol...
5 This Thai restaurant is my first choice when I feel like Thai food. Waiters are very polite and nice. The atmosphere is very pleasant (and the decorations like the fountain outside are nice touches.) The food never disappoints me and I definitely would recommend this restaurant to my friends.
5 nice food, nice atmosphere.  The lunch special is very reasonable.  They also have a Karaoke sound system.
5 This spot is an absolute gem! The food was AMAZING- including their yummy, signature sticky black-rice dessert. The service was wonderful too. The food came out quickly and our server, Sergius, was attentive, hilarious, and knowledgeable. We will definitely be back!
5 This place was goood!  We had the crab fried rice and it was so flavorful!  The yellow curry with chicken was also great!   The thai tea actually comes in a larger glass compared to some places.  The chicken satay was okay, but not bad.  Lastly, the soft shell crab lacked a little flavor.  But the fried rice and the curry were delicious!  I will definitely be back! :)
4.5 I really like this place.   Decent quality, decent portions, nice ambiance and they give you some thai dessert in the end.   How can you not beat the lunch special here?   I've had much, much worse.   Overall my top pick for Thai in the Monterey Park / Alhambra / Rosemead area.  If you want the best?   Go to Sap Coffee Shop or Ord Noodle in Hollywood.  Best Thai for under $10 in the Greater Los Angeles area.
4.2 The sticky rice with mango is DELICIOUS! But everything here is a bit expensive for the run of the mill Thai food. The parking is atrocious so beware. I had to loop around 3 times before finding a space across the street.
4.5 This place is affordable and delicious. I got the beef satay which was a lot better than expected. Price is a little high but defiantly one of the better thai places in the 626. The Pad Thai is definitely one of my favorites as the taste is strong.
4 Love this place, park is easy and food is always great. Come here anytime,, my favorite is the pad Thai and the calamari
3.5 lunch special, the thai curry is very great, spicy level is also perfect for me, as many asian restaurant nearby couldn't offer an appropriate one. it was awesome
4.5 This place has beautiful decorations and give a nice vibe. The chicken is so good and comes with basil seeds and bell peppers. The meals are a decent price for a good portion. Would definitely recommend to a friend
4.5 10/10 would come again... good food come now popular during lunch good lunch price design is good come see for yourself lol
4 This is probably the best stake house i have ever been to for a long time ans i want a free drink plz
4 This is a great place to eat. The cashew delight and the paid Thai are so delicious.... it's a pleasant place to come and enjoy a great time with the family.
4 The food at this place is so delicious, especially the steam fish.   Sevices are excellent.
4 They deliver! I was dying.. and i needed some soup. I ordered the won ton soup.. Loved it! i got some pad see ew for the kids they loved it as well!
4.5 There's nothing better than a consistent place to go eat. I've been eating here for a few years now and the food always tastes great,the drinks taste authentic, and the service is extremely friendly and helpful. I definitely recommend coming here.
3.6 Came here for a work function luncheon. Great location. Good place for lunch. Asian decor and brightly lit. Variety of lunch options. Park in the back or if there is street parking, you can park right in front.
4.5 The garlic-pepper tofu rocked! They cooked this tofu-mushroom-carrot dish so it was crispy and blackened oh-so-slightly.  I asked for their hot green peppers marinated in vinegar -- I sprinkled some on and it made the dish even tastier.My $5.99 lunch special included the main dish, soup or salad, fried wonton, and rice.  You could probably find a cheaper lunch nearby, but still not a bad deal.I also liked their dessert, which was a hot rice pudding with coconut milk and corn(?). Sweet and yummy.The thai iced boba tea was decent, but my straw was oddly too small.  The boba kept getting stuck in the straw even though I was inhaling like a vacuum cleaner.
5 I actually work down the street from this place and love it.  When I can't decide what to eat for lunch, I head down to this place because I know I can never go wrong here.The dishes I frequent the most are the seafood papaya salad with a #9 spice level, the spicy basil chicken and tofu, and the three flavor shrimps and scallops.They give you pretty good portions for lunches and you get a soup or salad with your meal along with dessert.Another perk about this place is that it is now open til like 3am on weekends now!  If anybody is ever craving for Thai food after midnight, this isn't a bad place to go.
5 The food was supurb and authentic... the service was excellent. Less than a ten minute wait to get our food. Waiters were very attentive to our needs. The atmosphere was very happy and diverse.  The wooden carvings are beautiful as well as the serving dishes (silver rice pot).
4 torn between 3 and 4 stars.been here twice. will definitely return. cozy interior. but not what id do for date night.in terms of food ---+ YELLOW CURRY. my favorite dish here! its awesome. and dont be afraid to get it too spicy. its perfect with some rice. + PAD THAI. not too bad, but its a bit thick for my taste. must admit, i prefer the cleaner and fresher vegetarian tastes for pad thai.+ STICKY RICE ICE CREAM. an absolute dessert must. (their mango ice cream isnt bad but id prefer this one hands down).+ THAI ICED TEA. good with or without boba. nothing spectacular about their thai ice tea here but you definitely cannot go wrong. like all others, its supersweet, but still delicious.+ SPICY NOODLE. yummy. but be careful about getting this dish too spicy; i got a 7 or 8 on a 1-10 spicy scale (they say 3 is medium spicy) for this dish and i nearly died, but for the yellow curry, 7 or 8 is perfectly fine. + their complimentary and perfectly petite dessert leaves a sweet lingering taste- soups are good. but inconsistent. - kebab/chicken skewers or whatever theyre called. skip it. that simple. note: asking for lemons on the side/lemon juice to put on top adds  fresher taste to the dishes. & dont be afraid to ask for cilantro! service was decent. had to repeatedly asks for some items & like all other restaurants, some waiters/waitresses  are definitely better than others. they arent really good at suggesting foods or all that thoughtful about contemplating which dishes to cook and serve first so it doesnt dull the others (i.e. sending out the spiciest dish first, followed by other dishes, which would then seem more bland and/or spicy due to the already spicy taste on your tounge). but im not sure how big a deal this is if each person is ordering their own plate, but sharing family style makes it a bit more difficult.
4 For the most part, they have a pretty awesome lunch special. Their food is delicious. So far I've had their pad Thai and their duck curry. Their service is good too. When it gets busy, they would lag a bit. But it's understandable.
5 I came to Thai Paradise yesterday for lunch. The food is delicious. we order the Pad thai. Pad see el and Spicey shrimp salad. Service is excellent. We will come back again to try different dishes. Thank you,
5 NOTE:  I'm only going to write about 1 dish and the 4 stars are for the 1 dish.  That dish is the CLAMS.  oh wow, sooo good.  I don't think I've had clams so good at any thai restaurant.  The clams are sauteed in this spicy garlic chili sauce that's not too mild and not too spicy.  And the plate is big too, and the clams are pretty meaty...not tiny lil ones.  If you like spicy and/or garlicky food and clams, this dish is a must try!  Although I did eat other dishes at this restaurant, they were not very memorable so I won't bother trying to remember what I ate and write that they're "just OK."  But go try the clams now!
5 Crab Meat Fried Rice: my fave dish at Thai Paradise, there's no other quite like it. Flavorful, but not too salty.  Personally, I would rarely pay $11+ for fried rice, but all I can say is this dish is absolutely delicious.  Number two would probably be the Three Flavor Shrimp and Scallops with Broccoli.   Service could be better.
2 VERY VERY EXPENSIVE, but very very good.. I love their fried wontons and spicy catfish with rice..ohh their fried green tea ice cream is officially my fav!!!
5 Paradise,You are my favorite Thai restaurant in the SGV. You can never do me wrong with your choices of curry, thai specialties and of course, spice level. Super spicy all the way. My toilet bowls sends you love. I been eating at your location for years now and its good. Your customer service on the other hand is decent, not top notch but that's okay. You even give free desserts which consist of red beans and corn. Yummmm.  I'll be back when I have a thai urge.Thanks
4 I came here to set up some of my friends with eligible bachelors.... hehe. Thai Paradise was about half full on a Saturday around lunchtime, so no wait time and service speed was average. We ordered from the dinner menu, so can't comment about their lunch portions.Food was pretty good and your standard Thai fare. Nothing memorable but a pleasant experience overall. ...as for the success of my match-making, still have to wait and see!
4.3 Lunched with the parents on a Saturday afternoon and the place was half-packed so already I like it. They have pretty good lunch specials as well.We ordered the spicy basil chicken with soft tofu, chicken pad thai, papaya salad (medium spicy) and the bbq spare ribs. Everything was really good. I like to spoon some of the papaya salad sauce over my pad thai, it gives it a little kick. And I just LOVE the dessert they give you at the end of your meal, though I don't know what it's called. Taro coconut something? maybe? I don't know. I'd come back again just for that.
4.7 Love it here! The waitresses dressed in traditional thai clothing is very unique. They are all very friendly and tentative. We always get pad see ew beef and pad thai pork! (remember to ask them for spices) Occasionally we get satay and tom yum goong. Also really like the purple rice dessert they give you when you get your check. If you have room for dessert, the tempera ice cream is awesome when the purple rice dessert!Their lunch specials are great, you get the same dishes for almost half the price. It comes with soup and friend wanton skin.
4.5 Great food. Excellent service. Thank God we were seated at the back, they have a band playing and it was sooo loud. Price wise - good value for good size. We tried the pad Thai w/ chicken, clam w/ chili sauce (or smth like that), and seafood tom yum. The last one a little too sour for my liking but overall balanced out w/ the rest of the menu. Worth trying...
4 First time here, likely gonna order the Tom Ka Kai. So far presentation of the restaurant has been good; clean establishment and looks to have a decent amount of people. Menu is simple and straightforward.
3.5 Nice service and good food with reasonable price ~Will recommend this place ~ beef salad is the best
4.5 I had a coconut soup. So good. The green curry is also very tasty. I will bring my family here next week
4.5 The portions here are fair. The service was quick to respond to our tables concerns! Overall would recommend this place if you're looking for some delicious Thai food that's worth its price.
4 This place is nice, lots of people.  Food is good, customer service is friendly.  Ordered the duck curry, interesting flavor.  Portions are good.
4 Comfortable and casual restaurant close to shopping stores. It is clean and spacious. I haven't been here on busy days. This is also a good place to take families. They have great pad seew and fried rice! Portions are small and more for individual plates than family style though.
4 Been wanting to try this place and was hoping it could be my go to place, but I was sorely mistaken. I ordered the classic Pad Thai and it was the worst i've ever had in my life. I could only get through 1/4 of it before I threw it away, and I hate throwing away food. It had an oddly sweet flavor? And the noodles were all just clumped together. Friends didn't like their meals either... Maybe the other food is great, but i'm honestly not willing to give it another try when there are other great Thai places around.
4 Amazing food and setting! Came out here for work but found a Gem. Will be back soon. Try the pork strip appetizer. Very friendly portions
4.5 Came to Thai Paradise a few times with my family and the food was amazing. Our server, Andy,  was extremely friendly and attentive. We would recommend the crab fried rice and grilled Satay beef. Will come back again.
4.5 Decent Thai food but they are very stingy with condiments like hot sauce, napkins, chilis and napkins.
3.6 Been here for many years with my mom and enjoyed it every time! Friendly staff and delicious food choices! Lunch menu is the most worth it as you get more from it for a lower price. Our favorite choices are Pad Thai and Green Curry since they are made very well and taste delicious here!
5 First Thai restaurant I ever went to back in the day. However, after having tried many more Thai places since then, it is only average for me. Their Pad Thai is a bit bland and there are other places I have had that are much better.  The yellow curry here is probably my favorite dish here. Overall, this place is decently good. I still go here a good amount but it is more because of how close it is to where I live and because it is my aunt's favorite non-Chinese food joint to eat at rather than because it is my favorite Thai restaurant.
5 The atmosphere is peaceful, elegant decoration. Customer service is excellent. Our lunch special was # 28 Garlic Shrimp and Squid, also # 82 Silver noodles with veggies. It was delicious!!! Great portions and reasonable priced. Highly recommended!!!
4 Excellent food. Plenty of parking spaces. Pad Thai is bomb. They have tv to watch sports
5 Awesome!  I love places that open late - this one is open until either 2 am or 3 am everyday!  After searching on my phone for a Thai Restaurant open past 10 pm on a Sunday, I found this one through their other location somewhere NE of here.The decor is that Traditional Thai family-style decor like in President Thai - it was nice.  From what I remember, it used to one of those Asian Cafes, and they've done a good job of remodeling it.  Our waiter was very attentive, although, it was only us and another party..still it didn't have that "fly-swatting atmosphere" (Chinese saying-message me if ur curious) even at 11 pm on a Sunday.Their prawns and egg rolls were pretty good, although, I usually get the Pad Won Sen as a barometer for authentic Thai food.  Again, which other Thai place closes this late in the vicinity?
4 Great food. Price is a bit on the high side. Service was friendly and quick, unlike other Asian restaurants where you feel like cattle being prodded along. The atmosphere was great. Avoid going on dinner rushes or lunch rushes, traffic can be a nightmare and so can parking. If this was located in a parking friendly area, I would have given it 5 stars. It is located near a beard papa, so that's always a plus :)
5 3.5 stars.  Went with some friends for lunch and had the following:- chicken satay sticks:  came with peanut sauce, 5 skewers if I remember correctly, and a little side of cabbage salad.  The chicken already had some marinade on it so it didn't need the peanut sauce, which I wasn't too crazy about anyway.- pineapple fried rice lunch special: smallish portion but tasted alright.  - spicy shrimp and squid:  more squid than shrimp.  I ordered it mild-medium since my friends couldn't take spicy and boy, that medium was quite spicy already.  I like that, I'll have to try medium-spicy next time.- eggplant with tofu:  pretty good, always love eggplants anyway.  I had the Thai ice coffee and it tasted weird - didn't like it.  We also ordered the sticky rice with mango which was delicious.  They also gave us the red bean coconut dessert at the end so it was a very filling meal.  I think they were pretty generous when it came to certain dishes and the others were typical size you normally get at a Thai restaurant.  I didn't know this one existed since I've only eaten at the older one.  Service was friendly and parking was plentiful.  I still like President Thai best but this is a close second and since it's so much closer to me, I'll come eat at this one more often.
5 I lovee thai food and this place is alright. It looks like they have a stage for ~entertainment~ but i went for lunch so it wasn't up. We got CRAB CAKES (sauce was good), PAD SEE EW and YELLOW CURRY. All were pretty well done and there is FREE shaved ice w/ red bean. Can't go wrong.
5 Best Thai food spot I've found out here. The food is great. It's flavorful and fresh. The employees are extremely friendly.
5 Been here before ! Good chicken larb and and all the curries are tasty. Servers are always friendly and the food comes out quickly!
3 One of my favorite places to eat! I love the curry and Thai ice tea! Prices are on the expensive side but definitely worth it!
4.4 Such good food and amazing service!!  Our usual fave are the crab fried rice, pork jerky, pad thai, & chicken tofu!!
3.6 I would definitely recommend this Thai restaurant. Great service to their customers and delicious food. I really love their spicy Thai noodle.
4.5 Been my favorite Thai restaurant for years! Never disappointed! Great service! Love the chicken satay, peanut sauce and fried dim sum.
4 One of my favorite Thai restaurants. Food is tasty and the service is great. The place is busy so the staff try to accommodate everyone. But I assure it is worth the wait. The crab meat fried rice is a must have. Followed by their awesome pad Thai. Customer base is of every culture which means the food is universally appreciated by all race
3.5 This is a great place to get Thai food! It's close to our house and have been here multiple times.
4.5 My favorite thai food place in 626 area. Never go wrong if you looking for good thai food in this area.
4.5 This place is amazing. Seriously. Their green curry is the best I've had. Their Thai teas are great and their Thai pork jerky is killer. If you like Thai food. Then you shall have to come here and try this place out. You won't be disappointed. ;). Now, I'm going back to eat more. Mmmhmhmhm nom nom nom.
4 First time here! The place is really pretty and the service is really good! The food was so good UGH!  I will definitely be coming back!
4 HANDS DOWN THE BEST THAI RESTAURANT IVE BEEN TOO. The food is amazing with a reasonable price. They have amazing customer service. I recommend everyone to come here and order the Spicy Catfish w/ Curry Sauce.
4 Thai Paradise was remarkable to dine and be at. Their Pad Thai Chicken was good, the Thai Paradise Fred Rice was amazing and the Wonton Soup was delicious. On top of that, their egg-rolls was great and a free desert (Thai Black Sticky Rice Pudding) was unreal good. If you are looking for a really nice, fresh (not greasy) food than be sure to go to Thai Paradise.
4.5 Very clean and quick to bring food! Very accommodating to diet restrictions! Overall great experience :)
4 Great Thai food at a good price.  A staple in my lunch rotation. Got the Thai basil chicken today and it was cooked perfectly.  Servers were fast and prompt too.
4.5 This is good food. I usually go for lunch and find the place very pleasant with attentive staff all got up in colorful silks. This is definitely better than the bulk of restaurants in Monterey Park.They will adjust almost any recipe for tofu if you ask, and if you are willing to be adventurous, some of the waiters can make some great recommendations. One I especially enjoyed was a drink made of palm (what part I don't know). It was unique and went well with the dishes I ordered.
3.6 We order a few drinks and one happened to be expired and they wouldn't believe us. So they did somewhat made a scene. However, in the end deliver some fried bananas for us. To be honest, I tasted better. & too little workers! Besides that, I love the food but quite pricey for a small proportion ehh.
2 I was actually quite pleased with this restaurant.  It's on a busy street but it's not difficult to get to.  Seating was easy for us since it wasn't too busy.  Their menu is fairly extensive and offers many of the traditional dishes.  We ordered yellow chicken curry, pad thai and fried green tea ice cream for desert.  The curry and pad thai were both excellent.  I was actually surprised how spicy they were able to make the curry.  Most thai restaurants (especially the ones I've been to here in Cali) can't seem to figure out how to make the curry spicy without resorting to adding something lame like red chili flakes.  This one definitely gave me a run for my money.  The desert was so-so but I guess because I'm used to the Japanese style of tempura green tea ice cream.  This one definitely wasn't tempura but some other thick batter which wasn't the best.Overall I'm happy with this place and I'll certainly be paying it future visits when my thai appetite kicks in.  :-P
1 So many things I love about this place.  There aren't that many places that serve prawn dishes,  and this one is amazing.  Also you get bomb red bean dessert after your meal for free! Scoreeee. The quality is amazing compared to other thai restaurants so I don't know why it doesn't have 5 stars.  This place is much more pricier than other Thai places but the quality matches its price.  Also its in an expensive plaza.  Finally,  you get a free thai tea with your yelp review.
4 I absolutely love this restaurant! I always order the Seafood Soup with added glass noodles. Super yummy and filling. The service is always really attentive and nice. The atmosphere is also really welcoming and bright.
5 The reason why this place has a four star rating is because at the restaurant they offer a free drink if you rate them. The food here is mediocre at best. The Tom yum was okay but the curry and the seafood dishes are either way too sweet or flavorless. If you like food on the sweeter side then give this place a try bUt if you like spicy and sour and flavorful Thai food then maybe try some place else. I gave this place three stars because of the Tom yum so it's definitely got good dishes but don't order the curry or anything with seafood.
5 The place is really clean and the environment is chill. The food looks amazing and the price for it is not bad at all! Great thai place to try!!
5 Good Food Free Thai tea on check in Good ambience and  Quick service Good customer service Ordered mango sticky rice and chicken satay and it was really good
5 Thai paradise is my go to thai restaurant. I like getting their pad see ew. I love their house special dessert. Their service here is phenomenal!
5 Awesome customer service & great food. The staff were very accommodating to vegetarian meals. I'd definitely recommend this place!
5 This place is great place to come to, especially for their lunch special. Since I go to school close by, it's a great place to just slide through in between classes to get my stomach filled.
4 One of my favorites. Very good Thai food. Good parking in the back or on the front of the restaurant. I like the pad thai. Very yummy.
5 Took my kids and their friends next door to buy boba and saw a friend of mine, since it's dinner time and boba is not dinner for us adults, we left the kids and walked a few steps and saw this thai place and decided to to try it.As soon as we walked in we were greeted right away,  took only seconds for them to give us iced cold water, we got to order right away, and the first plate of food came out super fast, less than 5 minutes and it was so good. We ordered pad thai, satay combination beef/chicken, pineapple fried rice, ong choy vege, and brought out to our table within 10 minutes seems like.The service was excellent! Our water was refilled consistently. They were very polite, didn't rush us even though we were talking for a long time after we were done with our food. The food was so good . Only issue for me was the fly that kept flying around us but I guess you can't help that. Overall it was a 5 stars experience so we will be back.
4.4 I order a pad de we the vegetable inside is all yellow , that mean they use all no good vegetables to cook. Really disappointed
3.6 recommended menu items: sweet and sour pork, orange chicken, tom yom soup, egg plant tofu, spicy basil tofu, thai ice tea etc. good price good portions.
4.5 My favorite Thai restaurant. There's a few TVs for watching sports games on. Satay is good. Seafood pad Thai has plenty of seafood and flavor. The Tom yum soup is big and can get spicy so beware. The mango sticky rice is spot on when the fruit is in season.
4 My favorite Thai restaurant. There's a few TVs for watching sports games on. Satay is good. Seafood pad Thai has plenty of seafood and flavor. The Tom yum soup is big and can get spicy so beware. The mango sticky rice is spot on when the fruit is in season.
3.5 Delicious dishes and cheaper price.And it's very clean inside, I went to others restaurant before, but I think Thai Paradise is the best I came ,their have friendly employees and delicious dishes, and also have a cheaper price. If I have time, I will take my friend here.
4.5 Their beef jerky and Tom yum soup are always delicious! We also get the fried ice cream when we have enough room for a dessert and it makes the kids very happy. Parking is great as well!
4.5 The food here are great. Usually ordered for delivery but this time decided to come in and try out the place. Place is very clean and food is good. The pad Thai is my favorite
4 The food here are great. Usually ordered for delivery but this time decided to come in and try out the place. Place is very clean. Will try one of the soup since it's a cold day.
4 First off, I'm Thai- I went in there with my Hispanic friends and they're pretty big people but I heard the host and the servers saying "Get them a big table so they can sit comfortably" in Thai.  Honestly, all seats in there looks the same but I "guess" it's generous of them ( though in a very crude way ). I like their lunch combo though, I ordered green curry ( even though I don't like curry much. ) and it was still good to me. It's as close to authentic Thai as you can get in the Los Angeles area.
4 I think the items here are a bit over priced.  I can get the same type of food a few blocks down at a cheaper price tag.  And they don't have Lemon Thai Iced Tea.  Not cool.But this place does have really nice decor and service.  And the free dessert they served at the end was pretty good too.
4.5 AMBIANCE/ENVIRONMENT: cute restaurant with pleasant patio, quiet, personal.SERVICES: decentFOOD: not too badRECOMMENDATION: If you're looking for something different in San Gabriel Valley/Monterey Park, try this place.
4 The hostess is friendly & service is good, but I have to give them only 2 stars,because of the quality of the food.  I ordered mild red curry and it was too salty.  The chicken pieces were also too small.  I ordered mango sticky rice with coconut sauce for dessert & the rice was on the hard side & the mangoes were sour.  Perhaps they are out of season in the Fall.  I've enjoyed much better Thai food in other restaurants. **THIS PLACE IS DEFINITELY OVERRATED & THE FOOD IS NOT AUTHENTIC!!**
3.6 Im going with my friends at thursday...the food in here its so delicious,and my favourite food its pad thai..sergius the server it was very helpfully and the service its great..i really recommended this place...
4.4 I usually come here during the lunch time because they have very good lunch special meal. The Thai paradise beef is my favorite, the beef taste juicy.
5 Came here for dinner on a Friday night.  Not crowded.  We ordered:Chicken satay: Great flavor, chicken was borderline overcooked. Duck noodle soup: Great flavor. A sweet, light soy sauce broth. The duck and noodles soaked up the broth well.Soft shell crab: Big and was good without the sauce on the side.Garlic pepper scallop and shrimp: Great flavor as well and seafood was cooked perfectly.For dessert they gave a complementary warm red bean pudding that I enjoyed as well. I really enjoyed all the dishes we ordered.  If I lived here I could see myself coming regularly. Next time I will have to try the pad see ew and honey pork for the ultimate test.
5 Great food! Fast service! Friendly and a good atmosphere! Would definitely come back!
5 I like the duck noodle, the dessert, and the service is great. I have been here for years.
3 I have been ordered 4-5 times. The good thing is minimum $25 free delivery but i have to pay tip anyway. I was order fish cake and something else. But the fishcake was so hard. I was call the restaurant the restaurant said give me $6 credit. I had never ever know before. Because most restaurant give a full credit. I have to except it no choice. Thank anyway, chape.
3 Orange chicken today was dry and not tasty. Looks like frozen and warmed in microwave. No more.
5 This is my second time coming here since I'm on a time crunch for lunch. I am giving Thai Paradise 4.5 stars because Service was great & waiters/waitresses was attentive in refilling our water. Food came out super quick & portion size in my opinion was generous. Ordered the pad Thai & had more than half left, took it home for dinner. The prices are very reasonable for the amount of food you get. Majority of my friends needed a doggie bag. All in all this establishment is good with great service & tasty food. I definitely recommend this place to others & will be returning back.
5 It is really close to my office. I order to go from here all the time. The delivery is super fast.  For the price, the food is pretty decent. I like the curry very much.
5 Food here was OK, the waitress was a bit nonchalant-I-hate-my-job but the hostess (and maybe manager from the way she was dressed??) was extremely nice and gracious. I liked her mucho. We tried the yellow curry, spring rolls, and pad woon sen. The yellow curry and spring rolls were decent, but the pad woon sen was below the benchmark for PWS :( I guess I will have to try this place again, but it was just mediocre and I would prefer to spend my money on Thai grub elsewhere....Yummilicious Factor = B-
5 Great food! Eggplant with basil was cooked very well. Texture was perfect..duck noodle soup was also very homey and comforting. Free dessert at the end was rly tasty and warm. Hit the spot on a cold day!
2 Good place for family gathering, and we will come again because the thai food is yummy and tastes very good.
4 Quality and service is good. Parking was easy. I wish they had more pictures on their menu.
4.5 I live within a mile of this place and when I am too busy to cook something at home, this is my go to delivery shop.  Order everything online through Eat24 and it gets delivered to my front door within 20-30 minutes.  Plus I can do tips online as well so no need to grab money at the door.  Love it.
3.6 The service is great, the restaurant is clean, and the food is delicious. The waiters were really attentive and there is a convenient parking structure found near the restaurant.
4.5 I loved coming here since I moved here in 1997. My favorite is always the tom  kha soup where it's not too creamy. The lunch here is pretty bomb too and the decor has a nice ambience.
4 Good as always. Better than the location on Las Tunas. Service and food are good. Servers are attentive.
3.5 Been here two times total.This time we ordered:* Yellow Curry Mixed Veggies - tasted okay.  Pretty spicy for a mild taste.  * On Choy - Okay dish.  A little undercooked....guess I prefer the Chinese style cooking more* Mango Sticky Rice - Love it!  Mango was verrrryyyy sweet and the sticky rice is perfect!* Thai Iced Tea - it's okay.* Red Bean Rice Pudding - a tiny bowl of rice pudding they give you with the check...taste salty and sweet at the same time.  Not bad :)Price is okay.
4.5 This was my first time I tried Thai and it was an awesome experience. The place is quiet ,nice place to chill out with friends
4.5 Most delicious Thai food! Yummy fried ice cream.. To top it off the service is great. Friendly staff
4 Get one free drink if you write a review on Yelp  great lunch specials and friendly service
4 Get one free drink if you write a review on Yelp  great lunch specials and friendly service
4 Get one free drink if you write a review on Yelp  great lunch specials and friendly service!
4 The Thai Paradise Beef tastes great, this is the entree that I usually order.Rate them on Yelp for a free drink!
4.5 I came here many times already. I really like their food. Their grilled beef salad is really good. And so is their tom yum curry soup. The price is decent and portion is pretty filling. Can share like 3-4 dishes with few friends. The people that work there are really friendly.
3.6 Came here for lunch, order lunch plate and get free salads/soup, rice and wonton. The soup is a bit sour. Food are good. Will come back next time.
4.5 Service was great. Red Curry and glass noodles taste very good. The purple rice dessert they offered at the end was awesome   Will come back.
5 the pad thai i heard is so great here im here to try today and the moment that I came in I can feel the great service and great food can't wait to try it also a five stars review give u a free drink ha ha I love it
5 Delicious food with good environment. Definitely coming back again and dont missed out their free dessert at the end
3 This place is fantastic! I went there twice in twenty four hours it was so good! I had been looking for a really flavorful Chicken fried rice, and I found it here! The flavor had such depth that had been lacking in the other fried Rice's I had.
5 Starving and craving thai food. Ordered the pad se'ew, tom yum soup and the 3 flavor shrimp and scallop. The quality and quantity was much like Chinese takeout but served in a restaurants atmosphere.
4 Right off the bat this place has a nice atmosphere, the restaurant has plenty of parking. The food is amazing and I recommend this place to anyone who likes thai food.
4 Great place to eat if you are craving thai food. Usually order the yello chicken curry and their level of spice is right on the spot (choice between 1-10).
5 Order the padsee-ew and was delicious. Generous portion and the server is very nice. The interior looks very clean and comfortable. Would definitely come back here to eat.
5 Yummy thai food. Good customer service. Clean restaurant. Have dined in, pick up and ordered for delivery before and always had good experiences.
4 Good food... excellent mushroom soup. I wish they have the option of no spicy mushroom soup. I recommend the padthai which i really like and also the satay beef. Overall great!!
3 I love Thai food and this place is absolutely one of my favorite restaurants. The service is good too! Mixed Satay is excellent!
4.3 Nothing beats awesome lunch special pad se'ew!! Will come back here when i'm in the area for sure!
4.3 Best Thai Food in town, quality serving with reasonable price. I am a spicy food lover, so we ordered green curry (spicy level 10) plus tom yum soup (medium) and both are delicious! I am glad we found this place as I definitely be coming back for another visit!
4.5 delicious curry seafood ,fried rice and that milk tea boba one of my best I had. And the Service was excellent I love going with my family and have a great time and enjoying great food.
4 Delicious! Our go to for Thai food in Monterey Park whenever we stop by! I always order the pad thai with soup :) lunch specials are always a treat
3.5 Great food, great customer service and great location! I was looking around for Thai food and found this restaurant and wanted to try it out. It's really good! They also gave us free sodas! Highly recommend it:)
4.5 Come here a lot with my family members. I usually get pad Thai with chicken. I also like their crab meat fried rice. Customer service is fast too
4.5 This place rocks. Such good quality Thai food. Recommend for any Thai food fix if you're ever in the area.
4 Love the lard na here and Tom yum soup,.......................parking can be an issue
4 Great thai food. Good service and usually never crowded
4 Worst Yen Ta Fo ever!!! The soup is not pink red, but rather orangey. It tastes weird. They also put bean sprouts. Yikes. I have been eating yen ta fo in many places and nobody put bean sprouts.  When I complained to the server and owner/manager, they did not care.  The guy with injected lips (i think hes the owner/manager) only said he didnt know theres bean sprout and he would tell his cook. The other day, I ordered to go. I called and ordered egg noodle with fish ball and meat balls.  Guess what?  They forgot the noodle. When I called them, they said they would give me the noodle because they would save my phone no and write some notes. So, one day I ordered for to go again and told them about my noodle. They said ok we will give your noodle.  When I picked up my food, they did give me dry egg noodle. No soup. Nothing. This place does not know how to value their customer. This is going to be the last time my family and I will eat at this place.
4 Solid thai place. I usually get their pad see ew and it's pretty good. It's a great place to come with friends for a casual dinner.
4.5 I really like this place because the service is always wonderful and the food is good too. It doesn't help that it's really close to my parent's house and they deliver too! They give generous portions at a reasonable price with the dinner menu, great deals on the lunch menu. I also must add that the red bean dessert at then end is so yummy, it's my favorite and only red bean dessert I'll eat!
4.5 Food is great but it's kind of expensive my hubbie and I enjoy we order to go I like the paradise fried rice and my husband enjoy curry too
3.6 Get $10 off on your first order through grubhub! On to the review. I ordered online and had the spicy basil ($6.99) with a thai iced tea ($2.75) and my mom had the cashew nut chicken ($7.99) through the lunch special meal deal. Be sure to select this option to get an additional discount on each dish on top of the grubhub offer! My total came out to only $9.33 !!! Yeaaa buddy. My food was tasty and my mom's food was a little too spicy but still full of flavor. I realized that they forgot my thai iced tea when i got home but they were quick to call me and say that they would honor my next order with a replacement drink! Very nice of them to do right by me. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for authentic and yummy thai food at reasonable prices.
4 Great for delivery we are never disappointed! We have ordered for all holidays and when most restaurants fall short because of being busy they don't
2 Very glad to find this place.. my girlfriend and I have been looking for a decent Thai place since we moved here a year ago. Amazing curry.. the pineapple rice is a must try!
4 Price is kind of high.  I got the tom kah soup and it didn't taste as good as Thai Twist's.  The coconut flavor was lacking, and the soup was too sour.  Their thai tea is really good though, I like that it has the tea on the bottom and milk/cream on the top and you mix it yourself.  It had a nice strong thai tea taste and was very sweet.
4 love the food. I usually get some sort of noodle, Lard Na is my fave with papaya salad and some Tum Yum soup. Now it's even better!  I can order through the Yelp app, online or through Eat24. I was able to pay with my google wallet and it was great! very convenient!! There was some sort of glitch so had to place the order through Eat24, but none the less very easy to use. just waiting for my food to arrive..... This great for people that are too lazy to drive and pick up food. :)
5 Ordered delivery through the yelp app. Our food came faster then estimated and it was very hot and tasty. I'm in love with the green curry with shrimp. Shrimp was cleaned well. Thank you guy
4 Excellent!  We ordered Tom Yum Goong with spicy of 5, iced vegetables, and spicy fried rice with beef.   The spiciness was right on!   We like it!   Some true spice for the Asians.
3 The food is great and the service is superb...we always go eat there but today we're feeling under the weather and need our Thai fix!  though Yelp says there is no delivery, they do in fact it's free delivery...
4 Came with my friends today for the dinner! The restaurant has a great atmosphere. The service and food were good too! We ordered pad thai and stuffed chicken wings for appetizer! It's a really good experience!
5 After having eating here for a while, we went here last week.  The food was the same, tasty and great.  What I love most about this place is the service.  They have not changed a bit.  They are always nice a courteous.  My glass of water was never empty.  The only thing I don't like is the parking, but this is not their fault.
5 Every time I order from here the food is great.i love the fried bananas,yellow curry,Tom ka ,pork jerky,chicken satay,orange chicken, etc the list goes on.  Nomnomnomnomnom
4.3 The whole family came in during Christmas Day just to eat out. Service was great and the lady that helped us was nice, friendly, and very attentive. I like the Pad Thai here.
4.3 Yummy!! Dinner time delicious and tasty! Enjoying time with family! Good customer service and fun times for the kiddies watching TV.
4.5 Very busy but they serve you quick! The food was great and I loved the atmosphere it feels so authentic!
4 Great choice for a lazy weekend, delivery is super fast the food is delicious snd there is no delivery charge i love the crab cheese ragoons
3.5 This is my favorite Thai spot in Monterey Park, and have been coming here for many years. You can't go wrong with all the tradition dishes or try some of their seafood dishes. Make sure to finish it off with the meal with the mango desert.
4.5 This is one of the best Thai restaurants I've been to.   I always order the spicy catfish with curry sauce.  Their spicy basil tofu is also a great dish to order.  Highly recommend when you are in Monterey Park!
4.5 Great place to have lunch!  Good portion and reasonable price. Great ambience for social gatherings.  Very friendly staff!
4 They have the best lunch specials here!  Usually the fried wonton at restaurants are throwaway foods but theirs is actually really good.  My kids love them!  Very family oriented and friendly staff!  Highly recommended!
4 This is our favorite Thai restaurant in the SG Valley.  Love the soup that comes with lunch special!  Best spicy catfish!
4 Food was great; tasty and generous portions. Staff was very friendly. Nice clean looking restaurant and interesting decor. They have a lot of vegetarian options, which not many other Asian restaurants in the area have. Would definitely eat here again.
4 There aren't many Thai food places around here but this is defintitely one of the best. Some good choices are their beef salad, pad thai, and  beef satay.
4.5 This is my favorite place around Alhambra area. Love the ways how they bring up the food
4.4 This Thai restaurant has an extensive menu. My favorite dishes are the fish cake, and they have the best pad thai!
4.5 Great place for your Thai cravings! Must try the Tom yum soup and roasted duck noodles.
4 I love Thai food & I was on yelp looking for a Thai restaurant to try & I came across this one... Thai Paradise. I absolutely love this place, I've been here multiple times & this place never disappoints. I always get the same couple of items & they taste better & better every time I come. If you love Thai food as much as I do, I urge you to try this place!
5 Tried the Shrimp Fried Rice, Pad Thai, and Mango Sticky Rice! I will just say AMAZING! Oh and I can't forget the free Thai Tea along w/ a Yelp rating
4 Yummy food and great lunch specials! The Pad Thai and the Tom Yum Soup are delicious!
5 Is a nice quiet place to hang out with friends! Servise is nice, the tai tea tase very good!!! Will come next time!
4 Pad Thai is the best!! Thai food is really nice. You can get all the taste at once, sweet and also a bit salty and sour...Yummy!!
4 I really only come here for their fried ice cream, which is absolutely delicious! It's hard to find good fried ice cream now. It comes in either green tea, vanilla or chocolate ice cream. I recommend the green tea because it is very refreshing and not too sweet. After the ice cream is fried, it is topped with chocolate syrup and whipped cream. It is definitely a generous portion and perfect between two people! The waitresses are friendly and overall good service.
3 Food: Very good, met up with about 10 friends for dinner, therefore I was able to get a good assortment of dishes by doing family style. I didn't order anything myself since I came late, so I got a good chance to sample things I otherwise would not have ordered. All of the dishes were very yummy and I have no complaints whatsoever. Service: The food came fast and continuous (good for family style) and waitresses/waiters came with food promptly. Everyone on the staff was very professional. Space: Restaurant has a lot of space, so there's no issues of claustrophobia. Plenty of movable tables for whatever size party you may have for a good time (within reason of course), but roomy enough to have private conversation. Overall, very good.
5 Food:Met up with about 10 friends for dinner, therefore I was able to get a good assortment of dishes by doing family style. I didn't order anything myself since I came late, so I got a good chance to sample things I otherwise would not have ordered. All of the dishes were very yummy and I have no complaints whatsoever.Service:Food came fast and continuous (good for family style) and waitresses/waiters came with food promptly. Everyone on the staff was very professional.Space:The restaurant has a lot of space, so there's no issues of clausterphobia. Plenty of movable tables for whatever size party you may have for a good time (within reason of course), but roomy enough to have private conversation.Overall, very good.
5 Want Thai food, got ta get there. Everything that we have tried is yummy so far. Price is ok, but the waitresses do look at way how you dress and serve accordingly, and that's a bit funny.Nice decor is also a plus.
5 Best mango sticky rice I've had in years. It actually tastes a lot like the ones from Thailand. Delicious!
3.6 Not cheap. Not expensive.Small portion.Decent flavor.Thai Paradise Beef is good BUT SO MSG LADEN.
4.2 Great value and tasty food.  Lunch sConveniently located off the 10 freeway.
4.5 It's really good, clean, and quiet! Highly recommend this place for family outstanding
4 I went here for the pad see ew dish. There was definitely a big plate for one person. It tasted good and the place has tons of seasonings on the side.
3.5 Really good food. Pad Thai and curry definitely recommended. Good recommendation from a friend. Will recommend to others
4.5 Nice place and food is excellent.  Came here for mother's day. Very fast service good place to go for a family gathering. Prices are good for the portion of food they give.
4.5 Always come here for Thai food, great lunch special items, nice ambience.  Perfect location and parking is not difficult to get.
4 Always come here for Thai food, great lunch special items, nice ambience.  Perfect location and parking is not difficult to get.
4 Always come here for Thai food, great lunch special items, nice ambience.  Perfect location and parking is not difficult to get.
4 Always come here for Thai food, great lunch special items, nice ambience.  Perfect location and parking is not difficult to get.
4 Thai Paradise is close by to my work place. I come here more often with my co worker because the food is good and excellent service. The price is also fair compare with other places.
4.5 Great food, clean and spacious, ample parking, excellent service. What else? Spicy cat fish is what I've ordered today and dare I say the taste was out of the world? Great value for the money, happy to recommend.
3.6 This is probably my favorite Thai restaurant. They have good service and clean atmosphere. Would come again.
4.5 Came here on Saturday night with friends. Short wait with great services. We order satay, fish cake. Fried rice, salad, duck feet salad, Coconut soup, pan fry noodle. Food is great.
5 The customer is never right? Coworker and I ate here for lunch and shared tom kha and spicy basil chicken. Waiter asked us how spicy we wanted both dishes and since we both have a good spice tolerance we ordered 7 for both. Soup came first. Perfect spice! Then came the spicy basil chicken. We both couldn't eat a second bite! I think we got a 14!!!! We told the waiter it was way too spicy and if they could remake it. They refused! He made a bunch of excuses that we were warned and the dishes are different, etc. We choked down half of our shared order, diluted with two bowls of rice, 6 glasses of water and Thai tea. My gut boiled all night until the next day's afterburner!
4 The customer is never right? Coworker and I ate here for lunch and shared tom kha and spicy basil chicken. Waiter asked us how spicy we wanted both dishes and since we both have a good spice tolerance we ordered 7 for both. Soup was first. Perfect spice! Then came the spicy basil chicken. We both couldn't eat a second bite! I think we got a 14!!!! We told the waiter it was way too spicy and if they could remake it. They refused! He made a bunch of excuses that we were warned and the dishes are different, etc. We choked down half of our shared order, diluted with two bowls of rice, 6 glasses of water and Thai tea. My gut boiled all night until the next day's afterburner!
4 I've been to this location many times, their Thai food is solid.  They have attentive staff, good service, and a pretty good pineapple fried rice.
3 Best Thai place ever. I've been to a couple of places but this is the best by far. Free drink when you do a review. I like the environment as well .
1 Great good and excellent service. Pad thai and fish cakes are the best and of course don't forget the mango sticky rice
3 love this place! my family and i have been coming here for years! their food is a little pricey but it's so worth it! the service is great and everyone is so friendly! definitely recommend coming here!
5 Good food, good service, reasonable price. Pad Thai noodle my favorite. Thai ice tea. Yummy good.
5 the service is excellent, I'll come here next time for sure, chicken pad thai tasted good.
5 Lots of selections and a wide spread of menu items, my belly agrees =) 5 stars for the food.
5 Really enjoyed the food. Everything we ordered was tasty; no bad dishes. Came with 9 others and we were well accommodated. Good food, good service.
5 Several hours after I had a dinner there, my credit card company called me and asked me to confirm a weird transaction. It was almost $140 worth of Walmart online orders. This had never happened before until I used my card at this restaurant!! So be careful, use cash! For me, that was my first and last time going to Thai Paradise! :(
4.3 The food is very tasty. The service is great and the restaurant is very clean. I would have taken a picture of my food but by the time I remembered I had already finished my meal. I would definitely come back.
4.3 I love Thai Paradise!!!! My coworkers and I literally come here 4 times a week. Their Tom yum soup, pad Thai, skewers and papaya salad are all really good
4.5 I love Thai Paradise!!!! My coworkers and I literally come here 4 times a week. Their Tom yum soup, pad Thai, skewers and papaya salad is all really good
4 I love Thai Paradise!!!! My coworkers and I literally come here 4 times a week. Their Tom yum soup, pad Thai, skewers and papaya salad is all really good
3.5 I had the Thai paradise beef and pad Thai and it was very delicious and very flavorful. I will be back so I can taste more of their menu. You won't regret if you come here to enjoy lunch or dinner. The service here was also really well they are very patient and nice.
4.5 Good restaurant has a great selection of food awesome if you're looking for Thai food!
4.5 Our go-to Thai restaurant in Monterey Park. Food is decent. Love their mango rice dessert!
4 Service so far has been wonderful. No wait for a Saturday night. Plenty of space available.
4 Great Thai spot! Pad-See-Ew is my favorite! For appetizers I would suggest spring rolls, yum!
4 Thai paradise has great service and great food!! Definitely come check it out!! Try the green curry when you get here!!
4.5 Thai Paradise is my favorite Thai restaurant in the San Gabriel Valley. Excellent food, the service is great, and I can watch the latest sporting event on one of their many TV's. The wait is fairly quick for a Sunday afternoon. The place has become a family favorite.
4 Good thai food and atmosphere! Would recommend families to come! Check it out! Our family comes here as a staple!
4.5 My go to place when I crave Thai food. Love that you can pick your spicy level from 1-10. The spicy fried rice is the best. Coconut soup and curry are good choices too, and it helps that I can get cream puffs for desert next door :)
4.3 Check-in for free drink offer. I have had pad Thai at several places. I will be trying pad Thai at Thai paradise today.
5 Dining with friends at Thai Paradise. Wonderful service and decorations. I ordered pad-see-ew and my friends ordered the new menu items. Prices were very reasonable.
5 This place is delicious! Good service ! We got the pad Thai and Tom yum soup! It was delicious ! Parking is very easy!
3 Good thai food! Dishes are huge with decent prices :) we had pad thai and tom yong kung.
4 The pAd thai, ong choy and thai milk tea with boba were good. The thai tea was yum-o !
4 This place is great! Food is spicy and amazing. So close to my job and convenient. The people who work here and very warm and friendly and the menu is extensive. Works well with my low carb diet.
4 Had an amazing time here. Service was top notch. Everyone very attentive. Thai iced tea was fantastic. Priced very well. I will come back very soon. Thanks for an amazing experience.
3 you can get free drink by writing review here ！this is awsome ！ come try  their red curry ！
4 The food was great Loved their Thai iced tea with boba. Great customer service!!! Will def be coming back again!!!!
5 As soon as we walked in, we were accommodated right away! The food looks delicious and the service is great! I will definitely return! Prices are reasonable and they have a vast selection of food!
4 The usual place where I get Thai food! The food is really good!! My favorites are the pad Thai and pad see yew
4.3 This place is good, it's clean and the atmosphere is friendly. I like the yellow curry
4.7 The food here is good. I always get the yellow curry. The place is clean and the food is good
4.5 If you don't want to drive all the way to Thai town in Hollywood, this is a great quick alternative to get your Thai fix. Great service and good food. There's plenty of parking.
4 Very awesome place: delicious food and nice service strongly recommend the yellow curry chicken :)
3.5 This is the best Thai house I have been to ever. Nice food and people had great time dining in:)
4.5 Came all the way from Bell Gardens for this place, Rice and orange chicken was good, but the beef chowmein was horrible! The meat was undercooked and the noodles tasted like nothing, like if they just boiled them and put them on a plate. No flavor at all, for $14 just for the chowmein, i thought it would at least be good, wont be coming back here.
4.5 Good food with good friends :)) Came through on a Wednesday morning ! Staff is friendly and attentive. Easy parking and nice indoor decor
4 Great food, place, location.  We had 10 ppl in our group and we didn't have to wait.  There are alot of options of food and very family friendly.
4 Sooo yummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!!!!!Like the green curry the most!!!!!!!!!!! I like everything spicy!!!
4 Eggplant and beef lunch special was delicious! The tom yum chicken soup was a little salty but tasty.
4.5 Good Thai food. Needs better parking. Busy on the weekend. No Wi-Fi. Food is flavorful. I like their drinks.
4 The food tastes good. The dishes are not too expensive and the portions sizes are good. Decent service service too. They have a promo where you can get a free drink if you post a review. So I posted this review after getting a drink with my meal. Then at the end I showed them and asked for my drink to be comped and they said they couldn't give me the old one for free, they had to give me a new one aftery review. That is kind of backwards that I have to review the place beforey meal if I want a free drink with it.
3.6 I have not tried the food yet but I'm sure it's good! The fish cake and pad Thai and soup
4.5 This place has a vert authentic atmosphere and I love the way they set the place up. Great servers and love the food here. Would recommend to my other friends!
5 best place to grab lunch on the weekdays, everytime I am in the area i always try to hit this place up!!! they have the best thai food in the area
1 I LOVE Thai paradise. I have never sat down at the restaurant, but I have ordered delivery several times. The food is always fresh, delicious, and PIPING HOT. Prices are reasonable and the food quality never disappoints. While I can't speak for the customer service in the restaurant, the deliveries are always fast and friendly.
5 I've been coming to Thai paradise many year. It's consistently good and great for family dinners.
5 This place has the best service and food! Can't go wrong for lunch or dinner. The spicy fried chicken is to die for!!
3 Great food, prompt service, and friendly staff. Try the Crab Fried Rice, the best dish I tried here. Will definitely come back for seconds.
4 Solid place. Some great dishes, others are fair. Huge fan of the Paradise Beef strips and the Pad See Ew.
3 My Family and I have visited so many Thai Restaurants. This is so far our #1 Thai Restaurant....The service is Excellent, the food is delicious and fresh, the prices are reasonable, Love the ambiance, the whole place is spacious and very clean!!!! I highly recommend this place to anyone who loves good Thai food. I'm definitely coming back!!!
4 Thai food is bomb. Loving service and awesome Thai tea. My favorite item would be the satay chickens and pad see ew.
5 The food was delicious and staff friendly. I had Chinese's Broccoli chicken it was good.
2 Love the lunch specials and the wide variety of Thai selections. The tom ka kai and tom yum goong are two favorites of mine. Can't go wrong with the Thai pork jerky and fried shrimp cakes.
4.3 This is my favourite spot for Thai food. Good food, reasonable pricing, and good service.
4.3 The food is delicious here and pretty inexpensive. The yellow curry w/vegetables (spicy) is the BEST!I've never actually ate in the restaurant, only ordered to-go. I give them a 4 * b/c every time I order it takes them like 15 mins to actually repeat the order back correctly. They are very polite but that is a bit too long to be on the line ordering food.
4.5 The quality of the food never fails to satisfy, I recommend their Tom pok soup, shrimp fried rice, chicken pat Thai, PA see yu, all of them are solid choices. I love the red bean dessert at the end, and waiters are always there when you need them!
4 Parking is easy. Service is nice. Clean and beautiful environment. Lots of choices to choose from.
3.5 my lunch spot I go when I crave thai. food is clean.
4.5 Good lunch and reasonable price.                              Good for gethering and no wait.
4.5 Great food and service. They never disappoint. Plates were large and delicious. Great ambiance. Will definitely come back again.
4 Nice place, I come here two times and always have shrimp fried rice. It is really good, will comeback again.
4 good place to eatgood food to eat,we like herewe oder 2 dishes n really enjoy itlots of customers here
4 Had the beef larb salad, pad see ew, and basil beef. All were horrible. Larb salad and pad see ew were lacking flavor while basil beef had too many spices that did not mix well with beef. Maybe I'm used to the food in Thai town but can't understand why this place got 4 stars.
4.5 Thai Paradise is seriously the best if you love Thai food. They never disappoint every time I come here and there food is always on point. I ordered the Chinese Broccoli with Crispy Pork, Thai Salad, & there new item which is the Fried BBQ Pork Ribs all super delicious & great quality food. Always fresh & made to order & if you take it to go it's still very delicious. & there staff are all so friendly & always checking up on you every 10 minutes or so. So, if you're ever looking for a good Thai restaurant to try please go to Thai Paradise!
4 I've been here before multiple times and they never disappoint. Great ambiance and food with exceptional service as well. Would most definitely recommend the Thai paradise beef if you're looking for something filling. It also comes with soup or salad during lunch special from 11-3. Great value!
4.5 We ordered padtai and squid salad. Foods were good. Nice vibes. Easy parking and super friendly servers. I will definitely come back with friends.
4.3 Great service, kid friendly. Parking is a little though but it's manageable. One of our favorite Thai restaurants in SGV.
5 food is still ok. liked their lunch specials. adding review cause of the free drink. kudos on this!
5 Excellent service good food. Staff attentive take or orders are efficient with lots of customization options !
5 Just trying our for the first time so far an I already like this place. We ordered crab fried rice and green Curry and so far the crab fried rice is the best
5 Trying it out for the first time on Sunday night ordered quite a few dishes but crab fried rice is by far the best
5 Good food, highly recommend, good for family with kids . Food very authentic. Will recommend parents
1 This place was excellent!!! Great food and awesome large portions! New fave place!  everything was good and the service was perfect
4 This place is great.  They are our go-to for delivery around the area.  Some of my favorite thai food around, and it won't break the bank, but won't repulse your tastebuds at the same time.  The pineapple fried rice is one of our favorites, along with any of the curries and soups- the Tom Ka soup is our favorite if we have to choose one.
5 Thai paradise beef is so yummy. The food here is so yummy and delicious. The dessert here is so good.
5 Great location and service. Authentic Thai food abd friendly staff. Bust during peak times but take out is an option.
4 Food is delicious. Very quick service. The spicy seafood soup is always the best! The Thai Paradise beef is super tasty.
4.3 I jace been to this place many times and the food that i recommend is the spicy catfish
4.2 Excellent restaurant if you're looking for good Thai food and ambience. Reasonable price too. Beautiful decorations and great service.
4.5 Excellent restaurant if you're looking for good Thai food and ambience. Reasonable price too.
4 Excellent food and service! Love their paradise beef and three flavor shrimp scallop. Spicy level is best medium
3.5 Ordered the orange chicken lunch set and it was pretty good. One of the more authentic Thai restaurants out there.
4.5 It's a good place for Thai foods!! Their crab fried rice and tom yum koong are good to get.
4.5 Great service and great food ! Favorite dish is Pad Thai!! Also, the pineapple fried rice is amazing ! (Ask for light onions).
4 Ive been here so many times with friends and family. The place has nice decor and great customer service. Food is good as well. Good spot to try out. The waiting time for cooking is long but its worth it. Check in yelp to get free drink.
4 Ive been here so many times with friends and family. The place has nice decor and great customer service. Food is good as well. Good spot to try out. The waiting time for cooking is long but its worth it. Check in yelp to get free drink.
4 Came here several times with friends and family. Food is good. Server is nice and fast. Recommend for family lunch/dinner
4 Great service and good food, highly recommend Thai tea, and great atmosphere love this place
4.5 It's our 3rd or fourth time here. Food has always been great (this time for lunch). Would always give 4 to 5 stars for the food! My favorite is the crab fried rice and pad thai. Service is inconsistent in my frw times here though....truly depends on who happens to br serving you on the day...
4.4 Great place to eat Thai food second time here I highly recommend pataybwas good and so was the Thai tea
4.5 This place has some good Thai food !! The waiters/waitress was really friendly. And writing this review will get me a free Thai tea! Will definitely come back because of the free Thai tea. Jk. the food is great here especially the chicken coconut soup.
5 Good for it's price and stuff but it seems like it wont be liked by many people due to it having authentic Thai taste instead of the westernized thai restaurants that are currently popular right now. to say i think this store is like quality=quantity.The boba store next door always makes me want to come here and eat though.This store has probably the best pad thai i have every eaten though so make sure to order this!! and don't forget to ask the waiter to say less oil because the food here can get too oily at time.None the less it's a great experience for anyone that likes thai food or doesn't like it. last, just be patient as well because the waiters/servers here aren't the brightest people and can be slow at time which makes me very impatient at times.
5 I love the Thai Tea,Tom Yum this Thai restaurant. I always order Tom Yum every time I come. The service is great and nice
5 Great serviced and food. Come here every chance we get. The Thai paradise beef is my fav!
5 Came with a group of 6 in a hurry. The bill was $10/person after tip (didn't order drinks). The service was excellent. They were fast and polite. The food was good. Not the absolute best Thai food I've ever had, but the service was worth an extra star, IMO.  The little complimentary dessert was also a nice touch. I'd definitely go back, and would definitely recommend them!
4 The Tom Ka soup was the best I've had. The yellow curry was also excellent. Service was fast and friendly, and the waiter suggested the perfect entrees.
2 Very good, the food is authentic and great portion. I wish their chicken feet could be better. Service is quick and server is good. Thank you for the food!
4 The food is great and highly recommend! I personally got the chow main which was delicious, the chicken fried rice which was the one thing that was completely done at the end, and the mix vegetables had the right amount of everything.
2 The fried fish is pretty good and that the pad see ew taste bomb I come here pretty often for occasions just for that fried fish and the pad see ew it's a bit pricey but worth it keep up the good work and I crave for the fried calamari all the time
3 Very good food and service was great. Good job guys.  The best Thai food I have eaten in a long time.
4 Cozy environment and a friendly waitress! Very comfortable environment for casual dining.
3.6 the rice and the soup I ordered tasted just exactly the same as the food in Thailand.
4 The first dish in front of me tonight is the spicy cat fish. I asked for not too spicy and it's delicious with great spice!
4.5 Great local spot for Thai food! I've been coming here for years and their lunch specials are a decent deal.
4 They were about to close they still took us in they were super friendly ... p seafood soup was amazing new favorite spot
3.5 Great service and great food. Spring rolls are crunchy and savory. They're very flavorful and beautifully paired with a sweet dipping sauce. Tom yum soup was good but a little salty. We got a bowl instead of a pot which I feel (in my head) might be why. The red curry had a wonderful flavor and loved the basil! Overall, great meal!
4.5 Stopoed by on Christmas day as our options we're limited.  The pad Thai was excellent as was the roast duck, green curry and basil chicken.  Very friendly staff with a nice family atmosphere.  A place I will return with my family and friends.
4.5 It's a great place to share lots of dishes with friends and family. Everything here is really good!!! And great service!
4 Good place to eat Thai food. Close to my house. The mango sticky rice is delicious, and the service is wonderful.
4 Came here for Saturday night dinner with friends. A great place to have Asian food. Nice flavor and service. Parking spot is easy to find.
4 good for dinner，have been here for several times, loves the food here.... Pork and noodles are good, you need to have a try.
4.5 The Thai Curry Sauce is amazing! #BestYellowCurryInTown The staff is courteous and the service is very prompt! The Catfish fish is also amazing!
4 A decent Thai place in Monterey Park area with great selection of lunch menu. Great service too. The Spicy Catfish and Spicy Basil Duck are my favorites.The Three Flavor Shrimp is also good. You can choose the spicy level. The lunch special came with Tom Yum chicken soup or salad.
4.5 A decent Thai place in Monterey Park area with great selection of lunch menu too. Great service too. The Spicy Catfish and Spicy Basil Duck are my favorites.The Three Flavor Shrimp is also good. You can choose the spicy level. The lunch special came with Tom Yum chicken soup or salad.
4.3 A decent Thai place in Monterey Park area with great selection of lunch menu too. Great service too. The Spicy Catfish and Spicy Basil Duck are my favorites. You can choose the spicy level. The lunch special came with Tom Yum chicken soup or salad. I'm trying Three Flavor Shrimp.
4 A decent Thai place in Monterey Park area with great selection of lunch menu too. Great service too. The Spicy Catfish and Spicy Basil Duck are my favorites. You can choose the spicy level. The lunch special came with Tom Yum chicken soup or salad.
4 A decent Thai place in Monterey Park area with great selection of lunch menu too. Great service too. The Spicy Catfish and Spicy Basil Duck are my favorites. The lunch special came with Tom Yum soup or salad.
5 A decent Thai place in Monterey Park area with great selection of lunch menu too. The Spicy Catfish and Spicy Basil Duck are my favorites. The lunch special came with Tom Yum soup or salad.
3 We like the decor, and the food is also good. We like the spicy cat fish and the tom yum gong. The service is also good.
5 The service here is great, my family and I come here a lot for dinner. We will continue to come here for special occasions as well as their wait time isn't very long most of the time. This is my favorite Thai food place.
5 Great food and great service! Excellent workers and very clean with amazing service! I love coming here with my family for dinner
5 Been here so many times I can't count. Love it. Excellent service! Shrimp cakes are awesome but the Tom Ka Kai is my favorite thing to order whenever I come. No complaints.
5 We love love Love this place coz the food is good Service is Excellent and the price is right what more can you ask Come & see Thai Paradise & experience it :)
3 been coming to this establishment since they open service still great drinks are always filled and always checking on you.   i crave their appetizers more than anything, highly recommend their pork jerky, papaya salad, mixed satay and their paradise beef(so good with the sauce it comes with over rice. been coming here and will continue to come for their food and service.
3 Waiter very welcoming. Atmosphere is cute :) place is big. Wish we came during band night but looks like it would be fun
4 My first time. Very good. The green curry with rice was very delicious. It has a very unique flavor.
4.3 Atmosphere is good. Friendly staff. Food is good. If you're in the neighborhood, give it a try
4.3 First time here, service is fast and amazing. The workers here are nice and attentive plus the food looks delicious. The restaurant is clean and has really good service.
4.5 This is always one of the Thai restaurant we go to when we crave for Thai food!  I like their lunch special.  They also have good service. I always want their free sweet Thai dessert!  Yum!
4 This place has pretty good Thai food. Some days it taste better than others, Perhaps depending on the cook??? The food is just a little over priced. Overall the taste is good.
3.5 Great lunch menus. Lots of selection in the menu. Tasty food with lots of variety of flavor.
4.5 Exceptional  food and service ..the place is quiet has a good atmosphere and plus it's next to la fitness, come see me for the lowest rates in town
4.5 Been here once and this is second time and ordering the beef stew noodle again. It's just so good here
4 Good food and good service. We order the beef noodle and it was pretty goood. I order again.
4 My family occasionally orders takeout for dinner and I've always enjoyed the food. We've tried several dishes from the menu and so far, I've had no complaints. Finally came in for lunch today, and found the service to be friendly and attentive! Will definitely come back
4 This Thai restaurant is a little pricier than what I'm used to because my go-to spot is still Thai House. But, it has very good reason to be a little more expensive than its competition because it is a reflection upon its quality.Arrived around 7PM with a friend for dinner, and the place was empty? Say what? At least there was no wait. The place looked crazy traditional, and the spaces between the tables were quite roomy which made me feel a lot more comfortable than how I would feel at Thai House. Still, the ambience was rather intimate, and I felt right at home sitting across the spacious table to my friend. Our waiter came to take our drink orders right away, and I absolutely had to try the Thai Iced Tea (I order this drink at EVERY Thai restaurant I visit). The drink was a a lighter orange than most of the thai teas I've had, but it was topped off with a generous amount of shaved ice on top. It was...very light....so much so that it tasted watered down. As for the food, I ordered pad thai while my friend had mango sticky rice. Since the mango sticky rice was a simple dessert dish, it came out within minutes, and it smelled heavenly. It looked appealing to the eye as well. My friend said that it was delicious, but she ended up not being able to finish the entire dish because there was a heaping amount of cut mangoes and rice. My pad thai came out soon after, so thumbs up Thai Paradise for quick preparation! The portion was okay; it was just enough to fill me up as I took my last bite. The noodles were cooked to perfection, but the flavor was a little too sweet for my liking.We ended up ordering some pad see ew to-go, but we needed to leave in a hurry. Fortunately for us, the waiter could see that we were about ready to jet out the door. He ran to us, took our last order for the dish and another order of Thai tea, and gave us the check immediately. Our total was ~$30 which is fine for 3 dishes and 2 drinks. My pad see ew and drink were prepared and ready for me within MINUTES once again. The pad see ew was amazing according to my friend. After he consumed it all, he even asked me where I picked it up and wouldn't let it go until I told him about this little gem.As far as selection goes, the pad see ew and pad thai is offered with chicken, beef, shrimp, seafood, etc. (but be careful because the shrimp and seafood costs extra). Their menu is extensive as well ranging from curries to simple appetizers available at any Thai restaurant.I'm very impressed with Thai Paradise's service and speed without the sacrifice of quality.P.S. The parking situation could get complicated as this place shares a parking lot with the infamous Half-and-Half and a popular restaurant up above. Avoid going during peak hours during the weekend if you can unless you want to be circling high and low with crazy Asian drivers.3.5 stars for Thai Paradise, but I'm feeling generous today!
4 So delicious! The orange chicken is the best I've had in a while. Quantity of orange chicken served is decent, but is served alone. Also tried some of f the shrimp chow mien, so good. Shrimp is big and fresh. Lastly tried the atom Yum With shrimp level 7. Come with an appetite! The design in the restaurant is so pretty as well. Everything looks nice and clean
4.5 This was my first time here and everything tasted good! My favorite dish was spicy basil tofu chicken and everything else was flavorful too. This place also comes with decent services and is spacious enough for family gathering.
4.4 This is our third time to this restaurant within 3months. very good curry seafood and the beef &chicken also fantastic taste. My daughter like the boba tea
4.5 Atmosphere is really nice and welcoming, food smells amazing. Would definitely come back.
4 Tasty food.  Good time. Love the seafood pad thai . Great customer service at all times.
4 My boyfriend and I recently came here for a date night. The ambiance was amazing and the food was even better. DEFINITELY coming back here again soon.
4 This place is a great little spot. The food is really good and well priced. The service was REALLY fast too! (Which is great when you have a kiddo along!)
5 We had a nice dinner of yellow curry, chicken lamb, soup and gai lon. Service was good. I would come back here again.
4 Been going here for awhile and it's always a good place to come and just grub with friends or family . Just a great family style dinner for Thai food. Would recommend to anyone that wants Thai food.
5 We came here last night with a party of 8 to celebrate one of my best friend's birthday. I ordered the beef pad-seew and my gf ordered the pineapple fried rice. I didn't try what my friends ordered but it looked delicious. A few of my friends ordered the green curry and raved about how spicy it was, as they are ones that love to take on spicy challenges. If you dare, order the curry at spiciness level of 10.Back to my order, the Pad-seew was very delicious. It wasn't too salty, but had just enough flavor. The portions were very generous as well. My gf's pineapple fried rice was good and actually had pieces of chicken in it rather than the chinese sausage. I enjoyed this version much more.The service was pretty good. The servers are attentive and stopped by every 10 minutes or so to refill our waters. They also gave the birthday boy a complimentary scoop of ice cream with a candle and everything. We sung happy birthday and it was great. To sum it up, try this place out if you enjoy authentic thai food - regardless of it being your birthday or not.
4 We ordered from this place to go because we wanted a snack.  We ordered the fried egg rolls and the spicy fried rice.  Egg rolls were ok..they didn't really have much filling..and the fried rice, meh, I've definitely experienced better.  The rice was spongy, like they put too much water.  It was soft.  It just had a weird consistency.  I had a few bites of it and couldn't finish.  yuck.
5 This is the best place for Thai food. Great service and highly recommend this restaurant for everyone!
5 Great food, ordered fried tofu, paradise fried Rice and crispy chicken wings, love it
5 This is my 1st time here. They are very sensitive to my gluten allergy. I am so glad I'm here.
3.6 Yellow curry here is very good. The pad thai was ok but I like the pad thai at Thai House better. I placed an order over the phone for delivery. The person who helped me was polite and got my order correctly which is good.The delivery boy bumps this review to a 5 star. He was on time and very friendly. 5 stars for the free delivery and great yellow curry!
4.2 Had delivery for 3 dishes. Delivery was free because my apartment is close to their restaurant. Service is okay. The guy on the phone was pleasant. The delivery boy had trouble finding my apartment but eventually figured it out.My total order was about $31 with free wontons and deliveryYellow curry - I've had curry from a lot of places and their yellow curry is very good.Beef ball noodles - my mom liked this. Pad thai - my favorite dish from here! I've only tried pad thai once before but I'm excited to try more pad thai in the future!
4.5 Great Thai food. Favorites are pad thai, stuffed chicken wing, and tom ka kai. Good service too!
4 Excellent place to eat while hanging out with friends. The portions are large without giving up the quality of the taste. The pad Thai and crab fried rice is amazing! Highly recommended!
3.5 Thai paradise had the best service I've ever witnessed. This on top of the extravagant food was mesmerizingly beautiful and I'm already ready to come back. The TV Was in a perfect spot and I was able to catch the big game! Can't wait to come back.
4.5 The Thai Paradise service was impeccable. The pad   Thai was flavor was exquisite. I would come here time after time if I could. If I came back again I would get a fresh young coconut.
4.5 We ordered the fried chicken and yellow curry. It was very good and was everything we expected. Highly recommend it. The fresh young coconut is also refreshing.
4 Smells really good the moment you walk in. Really nice and speedy customer service. Food is delicious.
4 Smells really good the moment you walk in. Really nice and speedy customer service. Food is delicious.
4 Favourites: larb, Thai Paradise beef (that green sauce is bomb dizzle), yellow curry and Tom Yum Koong. I have been here so many times, they know me. The wait staff are all really friendly, the prices are reasonable and it is close. Definitely worth checking out if you're in the area. P.S. They have this crazy salty sweet dessert that might make you want to puke, but it makes me want more.
4 Love this place, delicious food and drinks with nice friendly services, would normally come for lunch . Fast service
4.5 Great lunch specials especially on the weekends. You get soup, a soft drink and a dessert!
4.5 This is my favourite restaurant.. Big shoutout for their super friendly server in charge, sergius! Will be back again for sure..
4.3 I like the food at this place, the service is so-so, the atmosphere is pretty nice, but I have been there three times and ordered three different things, and every time I've gotten a horrible headache immediately afterwards! I don't know if they use tons of MSG or what. I eat a lot of Chinese and Thai food, stuff that I know has MSG in it, etc., and this has never happened to me anywhere else.
5 The food here is average. Not bad, not great. I usually order delivery from here because it's one of the few places near my house that deliver.  Today, I ordered my food for to-go pickup because I was eating by myself and delivery requires a minimum $20 order. Unfortunately, Felix, the waiter who took my order over the phone really dropped the ball and didn't bother putting my order in.  When I got there, he said that our call got disconnected so he didn't put my order in.  This is not true.  Our call was never disconnected.  When I got there, he even said "You ordered beef panang curry, right?" which clearly means he had gotten my order. Anyways, I told him to just cancel it.  He didn't say sorry or even seem to care. If it weren't for the usual good service I get from delivery, I'd give this place 1 star.
4 I've been here countless times over the years and it never let's me down. Our go to is the yellow curry with rice and the pineapple fried rice. Also try the jerky it's way too addictive.
4 The food came out really fast. I enjoyed a lot. All the food are so yummy! 10 out of 10 for this restaurant. Everyone should try it!
3 They give free drinks for posting a review so I am reviewing them even though I haven't eaten or experienced any service yet which is not a well thought out strategy for Thai Paradise.
5 I have been this restaurant twice. The prices right here is experience and I think it is not worth-paying. Since recently I am interested in trying  Fried Icecream, i was attached by some of the comments. But disappointedly the Fried Ice cream here is not actually fired, it is more like an icecream puff. Also, I have tried one of their fried rice,it wasn't as good as I thought. I don't think I will come again for these foods.
5 I ordered pad thai. Even though it was not as spicy as I what I expected，but the taste is really good.
5 I've always been a fan of Thai Paradise because of its cleanliness, excellent customer service, and last but not least "good food".  Every time when I feel like having Thai food, Thai Paradise will be my #1 choice!  Their lunch special has a huge selection and free drunk when you do a Yelp review!
5 First time here and was pleasantly surprised. The green curry is highly recommended as the beef was tender and the sauce was savory. The server was attentive as well.
5 Restaurant nice, food was ok but pricey and no free refills on sodas.$1.50 for soda plus $0.75 (not $0.50 stated on menu).Thai Ice Tea $2.50 in a regular soda glass not worth and not good.Service was ok.After bill came apparently the person in charge of calculating tip didnt calculate right because the waitress came up and said we didnt tip enough.this is the first time ever anywho friend said "that's up to us to decide" lady said 'ok' then walk away. No more coming back here i'll stick to Green Papaya on Valley and Atlantic bigger portion cheaper and i like their tall glass of thai ice tea.
5 nice decor....with statues and fountain...makes me feel i am visiting thailand....we ordered spinach with tofu which had a creamy cashew sauce - was delectable - along with shrimp pad thai.  good company also made my visit more memorable....other things i've had here included:  basil chix with tofu, 3 flavor shrimp, scallop, and brocolli....eggplant w/tofu and spicy seafood soup.....everything was good except the eggplant was slightly overcooked i felt...one of my fav things here though is their red bean dessert.....yummm.  if you eat in its on the house....if you do take out you have to pay for it.....which i would gladly do.right now its my fav place for thai food.....
4.3 Most amazing Thai food I've ever had! Delicious dessert & warm hospitality ~ A new favorite!
4.2 Great thai food! Me want some tom yum soup. We ordered chicken wings pad see ew pad thai and a coconut water. Gonna try mango sticky rice too
4.5 The food was delicious. We ordered all vegetarian dishes: Pad Thai with tofu, Eggplant with chili and basil and Panang curry with tofu. Everything was well flavored and delightfully prepared. ... Great vegetarian options: Pad Thai with tofu, Delicious eggplant with chili and basil, Panang curry with tofu and brown rice.
4 Best Thai food in town, the one off of Las Tunas is just as good. The only reason they don't get five stars is the prices. $10 dollars for a plate of Pad Thai is a bit much. Sill I keep coming back for the great taste. The wonton soup is good and the wontons have chicken instead of pork since I dont eat pork this is hard to find. The beef salad is great and Pad See Ew. Ok everything is good.
3.5 This place has always been near and dear to me. It's my favorite place for family gatherings, especially because we have a special palette for thai food. The food is amazing and always flavorful, it never disappoints! Everyone always has a good time here and the service is great.
4.5 I get the three flavor fish all the time! The lunch specials draw me in and the food quality is consistent. The staff is courteous and professional.
4.5 This is place is so awesome! The food is to die for :) I highly recommend the yen to foh. And you get a free Thai tea with a yelp review too! So awesome!
4 One of my regular favorite spots in the SGV. Pleasant atmosphere, dependable service, and really good Thai food. Not your sling kitchen Thai, this food is made with care. Give the spicy basil chicken with tofu a try.
4 One of my regular favorite spots in the SGV. Pleasant atmosphere, dependable service, and really good Thai food. Not your sling kitchen Thai, this food is made with care. Give the spicy basil chicken with tofu a try.
4 One of my regular favorite spots in the SGV. Pleasant atmosphere, dependable service, and really good Thai food. Not your sling kitchen Thai, this food is made with care. Give the spicy basil chicken with tofu a try.
4 Nice environment and service! Probably would try again! Not difficult to find! Food are tasty!!!!
4.5 This places has the best food! I really recommend the pad Thai. The service is also really good. A+ for me!
4.5 Food is ok, service is good. May come again.  A little pricey for small amount of food
4.3 Pad Thai  and satay beef are good but stuffed chicken wing is not tasty at all,  too much msg which makes you very thirsty.
5 I have it delivered which is quick, the food is so so good. The stuffed chicken wings are delishish along with the chicken pad Thai.
5 It was really good. They gave us our food very quickly. They also turned on the TV. Overall amazing service and food, would go back.
5 Great customer service. Food is served fresh to order. One of my favorite Thai restaurants in Monterey Park. Highly recommended!
5 Great food and friendly service. My families favorite place to eat late in Monterey Park. Highly recommended. :)
5 Decided to order delivery from this place and it was the worst thai and customer service I've ever had. Their thai coffee is disgusting. Don't order it. It tasted like I was drinking black licorice. Had two sips and threw it away. The medium spicy pad ews we ordered were so spicy they were not edible. I usually like my food spicy and these noodles looked and tasted as if they just threw the whole bottle of red crushed peppers in it. We called and asked if they could make at least new one, preferably two, new pad see ews and we'd come pick it up (after just we just waited an hour for it to be delivered). They refused and said we should've ordered mild. We ordered two mild pad see ews as well and those weren't impressive either but we were upset about the two spicy ones the most. This was my second time ordering from here. First time their medium dishes weren't as spicy but I was very disappointed in their customer service both times.
2 Nice place my mom said she love the food  the food it's really good , I recommend this place you should try the food
4 This is one of my favorite Thai places in the area, close to the office which is convenient. I've had the yellow curry with chicken very visits and it never disappoints.  Like the space and the parking availability.
4 This is my first time for here according to my girlfriend's suggestion so I'm very happy. Nice environment and service. Cause we are very hungry, we order many food. To be honest, the food is very delicious especially with sauce! I like this restaurant and will come again in the future.
4 Good and authentic Thai food! Very good customer service and tasty deserts. Highly recommend!
5 This is anything but "paradise".  I thought that we'd find awesome Thai food right in the middle of a large Asian community- I was wrong!  My favorite is still in Pasadena and well worth the drive: Saladang rocks!  Need I say more?
4.3 I love the costumer service! They gave me a noce big welcome and their food is delicious as well!:)
4.2 Some food lacked flavor.  I've had better Thai food.  The hostess brought us the wrong order and got into an argument with us...One of the workers was realistic and actually recommended food and told us which food wasn't great--thought that was awesome! : )  Prices were a little pricier than I expected, but not too pricey.  I enjoy their free desert after we finish eating. : D
4.5 Great food and good service. Their chefs specials are usually pretty good, like the three flavor fish. Taste like the sweet and sour pork but with fish! The wonton soup was delicious. I always get it when I come.
4 I ordered delivery through the app, Eat24. My food arrived hot, plentiful and earlier than scheduled. Delivery was very nice and courteous. I was so surprised and happy they didn't jip me since I ordered To-Go. This is my delivery Thai food for sure!
3.5 Excellent spicy catfish.  Fish is soft and the skin crunchy all well seasoned in chili and spices
4.5 Came here on a Friday night. There was no line. Great place for authentic thai food! Love their pad thai noodles. Free thai tea!!
4.5 They deliver with min $15 for lunch and $25 for dinner.  However, even if you are off by 5 cents, they will not deliver.I must complain about the fried wonton that comes with the lunch specials.  It is the saddest thing I have ever seen.  A wonton skin wrap with a speck of filling, I mean the speck is smaller than a dime in density.I ordered the green curry with beef.  It was ok.  Ordered medium spicy but wasn't really spicy, a little on the sweet side.I also ordered the special rice with chicken and papaya salad.  The "special rice" was exactly the same rice as used in the curry.  I classify this as false advertisement.Lunch specials are daily for $6.99-$7.99.  I'm not sure if I would want to come back after all of this.  The last time I came in on a weekend there was a loud band playing and we sat by the speakers.
4 I order spicy basil soft tofu and I have to say this was a disappointment. The entree had no seasoning and it was plain. I had to call back and ask for them to re cook it for me and they refuse and just apologize. Basically I wasted my drive and this place is pretty expensive at night. Cost about $10-14 per plate and they charge extra for rice. Service is ok not the best.
4 The fish is excellent, place is confiable and nice, good service and clean. Me and my friends love this place, we come here at least once a month.
4 I came here to eat crab fried rice often.. the prices are okay. And I am getting my free drink for rating them. Overall, this is the place where is a good choice to eat here.
4.5 food quality has kind of went down over the years.. what happened? i used to come here a lot perhaps 5+ years ago and i came back again recently just to realize that the food is not as worth it anymore.. the place still looks the same, nothing has really changed over the years. got a tofu yellow curry lunch special and a orange chicken lunch special. came with salad or soup. salad: dressing was too bland. salad wasnt dried properly and loads of water on the plate. soup: soup never fails me at this place but what happened to the mushrooms? i swear they were RAW and just floating on top of my soup. it was as if they forgot to add in the mushrooms and put it in last minute. fried wonton: not sure what they put in there. i think its meat? but too little you cant even tell what it is inside. tofu yellow curry: i must say the curry was good but they were really stingy on the ingredients. how expensive are potatoes, carrots, onions and tofu?! i also have to mention that the potatoes were half cooked... orange chicken: never fails me either! sauce was a bit too gooey tho i believe. fried ice cream, green tea flavored: the price has increased since we last came here. its $6 now. the quality of the green tea ice cream went down as well. the color was a pale green in comparison to the dark green we got ages ago. the tea flavor was also lacking. they also used to pour chocolate all over the fried ice cream. now they just put a sparse amount on the plate as decor. they also gave some free black rice sweet dessert. my mom's dessert had corn but mine didnt... whatttt?!! also, it was cold. i remember they used to serve this hot. either they changed it to cold or this dessert was leftover from the day before....service was good though. other than that, its time to find a new thai house to eat at.
4 This is the best Thai on the east side as far as I'm concerned! The fried rice is delicious, all of the curries are flavorful and distinct, and the pad thai and pad see-ew are great. It's a nice dinner atmosphere, and also great for take-out. Always a hit!
4.4 This is my favorite Thai restaurant, because the food is always amazing and the service is very good. Not once has Thai paradise disappointed me, and I plan to continue coming here for a very long time.
4.5 A really good restaurant that serves delicious crab fried rice. The soft shell crab is a must to complement the rice. The tangy sauce they serve with the crab provides great flavor. Great customer service whenever you need service.
5 food was great! quick service.i asked for free thai tea from the begining bit they did not want to give a free thai tea untill i post a review. i finally reviwing now then they got me the tea. they are really strict about putting a review or you get no free drink. i can not review until i finish the food and can not get a free drink until you finish the review. overall experience below average because i did not have a thai tea with my meal.
5 Everytime I order food here it's overlooked and burned. Really annoying. Customer service was good though.
5 My family and I have been coming to this Thai restaurant for over a decade, and we have nothing but good comments. Their food is is always delicious and never disappoints, while their service is unbeatable. Definitely, one of the best Thai restaurants in the area!
5 Great food as always. I recommend their beef satay or chicken satay. Can't go wrong with that. Been here for 8+ years :)
5 This is a really good restaurant. If you're looking for a nice looking restaurant with good food, this is the place to go to. There is a variety of Thai food, including crab fried rice, mango sticky rice, and many more!  The rating for this is definitely 5/5 stars!
5 I haven't been here for many years, so I decided to try it with my family.  We didn't have the greatest experience here.  We ordered the chicken satay.  It was very bland and was not even hot.  The cucumber salad that it came with was bad with no taste as well.  We also ordered the mixed veggies.  It was pretty bad as well.  It just tasted like veggies with soy sauce.  There were a lot of onions and the baby corn I ate was sour.  The Pad See Eiu we ordered was OK but just very average.  The service was very mediocre and one of the waitresses was not very friendly at all.  To top of the night a spider came down from the ceiling near the window and landed on my mom.  No apologies from the workers.  After that we lost our appetite.  We will not be coming back!
5 I have been to this place for quite a long time.  They have good authentic thai food.  The catfish curry and  pork  larb are good.
5 This place is awesome. The Pad Thai is great, the soup is excellent, and the chicken saute is my kids favorite (after the fried bananas!)
5 Great service and clean restaurant! Tom yum is soooo good! They also have great lunch specials that comes with soup or salad, fried won ton, and rice ! Prices are very reasonable
4 We came for lunch for my co-worker's birthday. This place has very Thai décor, someone mentioned. It wasn't very busy when we came in but filled up quick. Service can be so-so, and most everyone looked Thai with an ok to limited amount of English. I definitely had a hard time deciding what to eat. Their menu consists of mostly pictures, I would say and they all look very appetizing. Too bad if you don't have Thai a lot, you're wondering what's in a lot of the dishes and they don't have descriptions so you have to ask the waiter. I ended up with the Rad Na, a noodle dish with pork, Chinese broccoli and a yummy gravy sauce. It also came with two meat (pork or chicken) wontons. Some of the dishes that weren't lunch specials come with soup or salad and I was a bit confused about which ones. Anyways my dish was super tasty. A bit too much gravy and I could've had more noodles. There was lots of veggies and meat though. Others at the table had the yellow seafood curry, tom ku soup, the beef noodle soup and other stuff. Everything is presented very nicely. The complementary dessert was this red bean, black rice warm pudding type thing. It was salty and sweet and I didn't really like the flavor. For real dessert, we tried the mango sticky rice and the deep fried ice cream.  Now these are huge desserts - not the dainty ones where you get a bite if you share it with the table. I don't think I've ever had deep fried ice cream but I enjoyed this one a lot. The crust wasn't too thick but it had that aroma/flavor of some of my favorite Asian pastries. And it enclosed a giant scoop of vanilla ice cream (green tea was their other option) with a cherry on top. Mmmm. The mango and sticky rice was quite delicious too. The rice was warm and sticky. Haha. And there was at least one whole mango, ripe, sweet and sliced thinly. Mmm. On the other hand, the complementary dessert that came with the meal was not to my liking.  It must've been a little bit pricey though (I didn't get to see the check). Most of their lunch specials and noodle dishes were $5-8. And I think I shelled out $17 total for the meal.
4 One of the best Thai food that I have tasted in a long time. Will definitely be back. The lemon steam fish is so awesome!
5 One of the best Thai food that I have tasted in a long time. Will definitely be back.
3.6 This place has delicious food. The lunch special is a really good deal. The food has good quality at a good price. Even my teachers like it!
4 I loved everything I ate here! The Thai Pork Jerky is super good, it has this lime sauce that comes with it, the best thing ever! The Paradise Shrimp was awesome, it was a shrimp with vegetables wrapped in a won ton pee and deep fried. One of my favorite dishes is the Chinese Broccoli with Crispy Fried Pork... yum! We had some kind of clear fried noodles that were bomb, too! The Coconut Ice Cream with Sticky Rice was a great dessert. One of the best Thai places I've been to.
4.5 The best shrimp pad Thai and red duck curry anywhere. I always request for 2 hot sauces for the shrimp pad thai.
4 I got the pork pad see ew for lunch. It was a ton of food and very tasty!! The pork was cooked very well! I enjoyed my meal and will come back again!
3.5 Ordered the red curry and pad Thai. The portions were huge and the leftovers were just as good reheated. Delivery was timely and friendly. Would order from again.
4.5 Great food with great service! The fried tofu was really crispy, and the soft shell crab was also a surprise. Overall pretty good place to have dinner with friends
4.5 This place is my family's go to Thai restaurant and I have to say the shrimp cakes are the best. I wouldn't go anywhere else for those delicious shrimp cakes
4 We have been here several times now. The service is excellent and the food is authentic. Our goto Thai place in Monterey Park.
4 This is probably my sixth time dining here. I have ordered food to go and for delivery a few times too. Their service is attentive and kind. They are honest about suggestions, such as warning me that the plum juice could be sour for some. I enjoyed it! Their pad Thai, coconut soup, seafood soup, pineapple fried rice, scallop and shrimp marinated in garlic and pepper have all been to die for. I also love that they offer a complimentary dessert after dining in. It's delicious! I actually bought a jar from them during a delivery order. I got 4 servings out of their pad thai. The ambiance is relaxed and there's music playing from a karaoke stage. Check out their free drinks during the weekday happy hours.
4 This is probably my sixth time dining here. I have ordered food to go and for delivery a few times too. Their service is attentive and kind. They are honest about suggestions, such as warning me that the plum juice could be sour for some. I enjoyed it! Their pad Thai, coconut soup, seafood soup, pineapple fried rice, scallop and shrimp marinated in garlic and pepper have all been to die for. I also love that they offer a complimentary dessert after dining in. It's delicious! I actually bought a jar from them during a delivery order. I got 4 servings out of their pad thai. The ambiance is relaxed and there's music playing from a karaoke stage. Check out their free drinks during the weekday happy hours.
4.5 Got the thai bbq chicken during weekday lunch. Was super dry. The inside of the restaurant is nice and staff is polite.
4 So we stopped by this place since the line for dim sum was like 2 hrs and we were so hungry we could eat a whole cow. We ordered crab fried rice, seafood fried rice, tom yong kum, papaya salad, soft shell crab and durian sticky rice. Of course its in El monte, so its not authentic Thai cuisine, more like panda express taste.Out of those, the papaya salad was the best. The taste was good, and there were like 8 big shrimps in it, which is a big plus!!! The rest was ok, i dont rec the soft shell crab and their fried rices. The durian sticky rice was too sweet. Overall experience was ok. If u are in town and other restaurants are full, try this place..
4.5 Thai Paradise is my favorite Thai food restaurant. I've tried a lot of thai food places in SGV and nothing compares. I would've given them a 5 star if their service was excellent all the time, but there are times when i would get a not so friendly waitress. Their thai jerky and pad see ew  is what i always order. I love the free dessert that they give, i think its red bean with corn. I come here very often with my family. It's affordable and its one of their favorite Thai restaurants as well.
3.6 The food is good but  waiting for drinks just for takeout is long.
1 The Thai food here is soooo deliciously BOMB! I came here for a belated birthday dinner with a friend. The curry has a very good consistency, not too thick and not too watery. The rice was nice and fluffy. The noodles, we ordered pad-see-ew, it was hella good! Full of flavor, and not overly greasy, it wasn't even greasy. Then, for dessert, my friend ordered the deep fried green tea ice cream for my birthday. It was sooo good! The ice cream was firm but soft, sprinkled with melted chocolate and toped off with whip cream and cherries! Best way to end Dinner! The price was reasonable for the amount of food! Which was a very generous portion! I would definitely go back!
5 Went here with a group of friends and the staff seemed very nice and attentive. The food was alright. What you'd expect for your average thai place. I had the chicken skewers and they were alright but I've had better elsewhere.
5 This place has great lighting and a nice ambiance. Highly recommend for a date spot. The food portions are large as well and enough to share multiple dishes family style.
5 i lovvvveeeee the lunch special they have here. Now it;s even better since they extended their special hours to, i think, 4:30pm. It's very affordable, a thai meal for less than 10 dollars.I recommend the Spicy Basil Chicken with Soft Tofu. I usually get it with the level 8 spicyness. But beware, their scale is based on the true thai chili spice.The only reason i did not give them 5 stars, is because they are sometimes inconsistent with their flavoring. nontheless it is still delicious, and one or two mediocre meals wont prevent me from going.
3 Nice decor.  Good service.  I particularly enjoyed the thai bbq spareribs.
5 Thai paradise has been my go to Thai restaurant for years now. Their staff are really friendly and the food is great! My favorite dishes are the chicken satay appetizer and basil soft tofu with ground chicken.
5 yummy! that food are so good The food is really good the Environment about the design is pretty Tai~!the curry and pork leg is soooooooooo Delicious ～～
4 Delicious. I liked their pad thai. It was very delicious, and their waiters were very nice. Their service was great and I could come here again.
5 place look very fancy & the food smells and looks delicious! The soup is the best and it's not too bad. Very good service and the people are very nice. You all should come and enjoy the delicious food
4 The food is amazing! Serguis is very attentive, friendly, enthusiastic, and food is fantastic!!! Best restaurant ever!!!
4 The pad see ew is amazing. Great service. The Thai iced coffee is super legit. The lunch specials are super clutch and great for lunch. Hit the spot up
4 Kevin is so sweet and patient to all of our questions.  Thank you.  It was our first trip here and surely we will come back.  So many choices and desserts. Nice scenery and clean environment.
4.4 My favorite thai food place! I usually go to the one in San Gabriel. This place is great as well.
4.2 Very nice service and food.. lovely ambience.. no long waitings.........very good staff
4.5 I like this place because of the great food and also customer service. I would say if you like fish try their dish it is delicious. We always come back. I do recommend trying this place. The food prices are very affordable and also you get your monies worth.
4 I've been to this Thai restaurant for years and this place does not disappoint. If you are looking for an authentic Thai food experience, this place is one of the place to go.
3.5 This is my favorite Thai restaurant to go to! Always great service and the food never disappoints. The Thai tea here is really good and the Tom yum soup is my favorite!
4.5 Order. "Pepper steak " on their lunch special menu it's said in the Chinese portion "stir fry beef with green pepper" but what bring out was completely different from what it said.  It was mixed with  pineapple , tomato and carrot and with sauce . when it's stir fry it should be dry. I asked the waiter if this is what i order and where is the pepper . he told me it's completely wrong thing so he told it back but came back with the same dish just added pepper. I advise don't  eat there because they are not honest people . you may not be eating what you order .
4.5 Really like the food here and nice customer service!  We ordered the fish cake, green curry with chicken, and spicy tofu. They also have my favorite mango sticky rice.  They were able to accommodate us even half an hour before they closed, so that was an added plus!
4 OMG!  Had lunch here today with my amiga Amy!  Hadn't been in for a while.  Delicious!!  (Yellow Curry -seafood, Chicken Pad Thai and Beef Pad See Ew.  And that purple rice/corn dessert they give you at the end is awesome!!!
4 This is a good place to get your Thai food on! I always come here to eat. I come here after dance practice to get my green curry because it's tray good and spicy. I also love the pad Thai and whatever that is on the menu. Their Thai tea is also good to eat. They also have fresh young coconut and fried shrimp roll.
4 Lunch specials are great and affordable. Great service! I highly recommend this place
4.5 I'm vegan, and they can make many of the dishes without meat, egg, and fish sauce. I go with the fan favorite; the Pad Thai and it really just kicks ass. They give you a nice large portion and always a little bowl of red bean dessert after.
4 Can go wrong with Padthai. You get to choose the meat and service is quick! Waiters are always nice and responsive ! A must go place to eat!
4.5 I love there Pad See Ew with beef and chicken skewers and the fact that they deliver to my house! YAY! There Pad Kee Mao isn't the best I prefer Cith Thai in Pasadena for that one. Have never went into the restaurant itself to eat haha cuz whenever I crave it I'm soo lazy so I take advantage of the delivery. Hope this helps! You can never go wrong with a Thai iced tea too yum!!
4.3 Great environment with friendly staff. Ordered the crab meat fried rice, large portion very tasty
1 been a fan for years ,  my family and i always come here for thai food.the drivers are always on time even when i order during dinner rush.their very spicy means very spicy and the food is consistently  delicious..
5 Ok, I live in Monterey Park and I'm Chinese, so I hope no one takes offense when I say that my expectations for an Asian restaurant in Mo' Park were pretty low. If you've been to any Asian restaurant here, you know their food is good but their guest service is well, non-existent - at least all the joints I've visited. That said, Thai Paradise blew that perception completely out of the water. Every single time I've come in, the staff has greeted my party and me warmly and the service is world-class.  The decor is blanketed in soft, earth tones replete with golden Thai sculptures. The wait staff is helpful and ever so smiley - a refreshing change from the frowning waiters at nearby eateries. The last time I was there, I ordered the Green Curry, and our server asked what number of spiciness I liked from 1-10.  As a fan of hot sauces, chillies, curries and pepper sauces I immediately said '10' because we all know, it's really a 7-ish on the scale, the woman politely informed me that 10 is super duper spicy, so I scaled back and requested a '9' instead. When I got my dish, I dug right in, and straight away my throat lining retreated in fear - actually, the curry burned it clear off. I consider myself pretty fearless with fiery dishes, but I could not finish..I tried...I was very ashamed of myself. I don't blame the kitchen, I was fairly warned, next time I'll order a '6'. I think it would have been a tasty dish had my cockiness not sabotaged me, scorching my taste buds and rendering them useless. The Thai Iced Tea is done just right, not too sweet, and a pleasant fire extinguisher for my mouth.Despite this mishap, I will definitely be back to explore their other offerings!
5 I had lunch here at insistence of friends.  I'll try to be objective here, but I'm not a huge fan of Thai food to start with.  Everything a bit too bland, sugary, and oily.  We had several dishes, which were just average for me.  There was some soup that I really had a hard time finishing even a small serving of, that seemed to me like just plain vinegar water and hot sauce with things floating around.  Other than that, food was okay.  There were some steamed greens that looked to me like spinach, but it turned out to be something else.  Not too exciting about it, other than I thought it was something else.  So for me, the experience was a 2-star, but as mentioned, I'm biased to start with, so it's a skewed score.  I'll give it a 3 star, since there was nothing awful about the experience, and friends swear by the place.
5 The second time in here, delicious food and good service
3 Best thai food in this area. We love the green curry chicken mild spice and basil chicken mild spice over rice. And meals always come with a coconut glutinous rice dessert. Their fried ice cream is equally yummy.
5 Great service friendly & lots selection of dishes!! Must try the pat c u n tom Yom seafood. Crab fried rice has bug portion.
5 Very welcoming environment since we walked in. The staff greeted us and walked us to our table. The menu was neat, lots of plates to choose from and some pictures were provided. Food looks delicious
5 Delicious and fresh. The Seafood Soup was perfectly spiced. Papaya Salad was refreshing.
5 Good food and service. I have no complaints about this restaurant. Food was hot and came in a timely fashion. Absolutely worth a try.
5 The service was great here. I would recommend to eat the Thai Paradise beef and the shrimp cake.
4.3 Good food and good service. I love the pad Thai here! Also the drinks are really good! The environment is very ambient and friendly!
4.2 merely gave two stars for the way i was treated!!!!!dont get me wrong ....that wasn't the first time i've been to thai paradise!!!! i've been there many times because I practically live a block away from there and my one horrid experience with one of the waitress proved that they didn't recognize me even though i'm  a regular customer........although not anymore after the incident!!!!!!!!!!ok.....here's the story.....you be the judge of who's right and wrong....we came in around 920 at night and if you had been there, u'd probably know they close at 10. perhaps that was the reason the waitress seemed pissed off and uninviting.we ordered our food, the rude waitress brought us water and we were waiting for our food to come out.....accidentaly, my bf dropped his chopstick ..........we didnt' think it was a big deal and my bf didn't pick up the chopstick........because he was busy messing around with me and talking........this rude waitress came by and picked up the chopstick, turned around and said to us was " why u throw chopstick away?" those were her exact words.............we were in awe........we couldn't believe what we heard and to make matter worse............she walked away and literally threw that chopstick onto their counter table with major ATTITUDE!!!! i swear to God that was the first time i saw an Asian woman with major Attitude in a restaurant!!!!!!!!!!!!when she was confronting us about why we dropped the chopstick, we were naive and got caught by surprise that we even answered the question although it was more of like a statement and accusation that we did in fact throw the damn chopstick for her to pick up!!!!i'm an Asian myself and i know the rules of going into asian restaurants.......dont ask anything and don't tell anything!!!! they just don't like it!!!!!!!!!!!but DAMN!!!!!!!!!!!!! this was just simply RUDE!!!!!!!!!!after being accused and seeing her disgusting attitudes, i told my bf that we should leave.........so we left!!!!!!!!!!!but i'm ashamed to say we went bak after a few weeks.........although the food was overall A-OK, the restaurant was too close and convenient to pass up .................. but i have to say everytime, i see thai restaurants around, i'd remember it so that I don't have to go there anymore.........i've been looking for a substitude ever since!!!!!!!! I really liked their pork jerky with fish sauce that is the bomb!!!!!!!!!!! their beef sate is also very tender and melt in your mouth........unfortunatel y that only happened once .......... i think they have different chefs and they don't really follow the receipes ....the food quality and taste may be depended upon different chefs and that sucks!!!!!!!now everytime before i go into the restaurant, i try to avoid that rude Azz thai looking chinese speaking waitress!!!!!!!!!why are they so rude???????????i'm ashamed of such asian people!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! learn some manner damn it!!!!!!!!!!
4.5 i merely gave two stars for the way i was treated!!!!!dont get me wrong ....that wasn't the first time i've been to thai paradise!!!! i've been there many times because I practically live a block away from there and my one horrid experience with one of the waitress proved that they didn't recognize me even though i'm  a regular customer........although not anymore after the incident!!!!!!!!!!ok.....here's the story.....you be the judge of who's right and wrong....we came in around 920 at night and if you had been there, u'd probably know they close at 10. perhaps that was the reason the waitress seemed pissed off and uninviting.we ordered our food, the rude waitress brought us water and we were waiting for our food to come out.....accidentaly, my bf dropped his chopstick ..........we didnt' think it was a big deal and my bf didn't pick up the chopstick........because he was busy messing around with me and talking........this rude waitress came by and picked up the chopstick, turned around and said to us was " why u throw chopstick away?" those were her exact words.............we were in awe........we couldn't believe what we heard and to make matter worse............she walked away and literally threw that chopstick onto their counter table with major ATTITUDE!!!! i swear to God that was the first time i saw an Asian woman with major Attitude in a restaurant!!!!!!!!!!!!when she was confronting us about why we dropped the chopstick, we were naive and got caught by surprise that we even answered the question although it was more of like a statement and accusation that we did in fact throw the damn chopstick for her to pick up!!!!i'm an Asian myself and i know the rules of going into asian restaurants.......dont ask anything and don't tell anything!!!! they just don't like it!!!!!!!!!!!but DAMN!!!!!!!!!!!!! this was just simply RUDE!!!!!!!!!!after being accused and seeing her disgusting attitudes, i told my bf that we should leave.........so we left!!!!!!!!!!!but i'm ashamed to say we went bak after a few weeks.........although the food was overall A-OK, the restaurant was too close and convenient to pass up .................. but i have to say everytime, i see thai restaurants around, i'd remember it so that I don't have to go there anymore.........i've been looking for a substitude ever since!!!!!!!! I really liked their pork jerky with fish sauce that is the bomb!!!!!!!!!!! their beef sate is also very tender and melt in your mouth........unfortunately that only happened once .......... i think they have different chefs and  they don't really follow the receipes ....the food quality and taste may be depended upon different chefs and that sucks!!!!!!!now everytime before i go into the restaurant, i try to avoid that rude Azz thai looking chinese speaking waitress!!!!!!!!!why are they so rude???????????i'm ashamed of such asian people!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! learn some manner damn it!!!!!!!!!!
4 Tired of mini-sized yellow curry chicken?  Then go HERE!  Went here twice so far, and both times got yellow curry chicken -  you get a really nice large bowl of chicken (dark meat), potato, and carrots simmering in a golden delicious curry sauce.  You get soup to begin with - great soup too - not some cheap broth, we got a chicken lemongrass soup - delicious!  Now after ALL that you get a free mini-dessert.  Top it off with very good service and a great price (about 9 to 10 bucks for lunch) it gets 4 to 5 stars from me.
3.5 Great place.  Love the teriyaki chicken.  Great lunch special.  Best place in town. Will definitely come back.
4.5 Love the coconut milk soup " Tom kha kai " .... staff is very nice service is also fast
4.5 Wow, time to tell you guys about my experience with this restaurant.It was Friday. The time has come as this was the last day of my junior year. Me and my friends decided to go to Tofu House that was located upstairs from Thai Paradise. Unfortunately it was closed down and we decided to go to Thai Paradise. As we sat down, the waiter gave us the menu. I looked at the menu, wondering why it was overpriced. I thought they didn't have a lunch special so I decided to order the Crab Meat fried rice ($10.99). Once me and my friends placed our orders, we remembered that they had a lunch special deal outside. We asked the waitress if we could change our order but they said that they were making it already. The waitress was also rude and impolite and they were about to keep our change. I'd advise you guys to NEVER eat here as the service is HORRIBLE and they don't even let you change your order.. I asked them literally 1 minute after I ordered. DONT EAT THIS OVERPRICED CRAP THAT ISN'T WORTH IT This restaurant doesn't even deserve one star.
4 For a Thai restaurant in MPK, it's not too shabby.   However, there is something somewhat eerie about this place that I can't quite put my finger on... maybe it's the odor I smell when I first walk in.  Regardless, it's a good place to get take out.  I haven't been too impressed by the curries, but the Pad Thai (which I don't usually order at other Thai restaurants) is quite good.Prices are reasonable and portions are very large.
4 The food here is just average. Just your run of the mill restaurant Thai cuisine. I do feel that the prices are a bit higher than others (including restaurants in Thai Town). I don't know if I would ever come back here for dinner again (MAYBE for lunch). *Another tip for the guys, when using their urinal DO NOT flush! It overflows.
4 Nice food and atmosphere, very good location with plenty of parking space available. Free drink if you check-in and write a comment. Choice of coke, Thai tea, or coffee.
4 Free Thai tea if you rate them on yelp. Seems good to me. They have a very large menu.
4.5 I always come here for Thai food! Portion is great and taste as well. Service is excellent!
4.4 Thai Paradise far exceeded my expectations. The authenticity in the decor of the restaurant is something I have never seen. You truly get the Thai experience the minute you walk through the door. The food had a special authenticity as well. Every dish tasted amazing and you really get the impression it was made with love. This is my favorite Thai restaurant as of yet and I give the strongest recommendation to anyone looking to treat themselves to a wonderful meal.
3.6 Pad Thai? Check! Yellow Chicken Curry? Check! Tom Yum Gum? Check! Fish Cakes? Check! "Paradise" Beef? Check! Chicken Satay? Check! This is why I LOVE this place!
5 I have been here couple times. Authentic taste and great indoor decors. Love the tum yum soup and mango sticky rice here.
5 Excellent service and excellent food. The Phar Thai was amazing. I would definitely bring friends here from out of town. They also played the basketball games for us which was very nice. Highly recommend
4 We came here for the first time and the waitress and waiters here are very nice and friendly. The food was delicious, I love my basil chicken with tofu. All the curries we ordered were pretty authentic tasting. Definitely be back again in the future! The service was awesome too... never had to ask for refill of water! Thank you, Thai Paradise!!
5 Went with some friends for lunch and really enjoyed the food and atmosphere. The red curry with chicken was very good.
5 We got seated quickly and the service was friendly. The food is a little pricey, but overall pretty satisfying.
5 The food was tasty and the Thai tea excellent! Ambiance comfortable, easy parking to find. I like the free dessert they gave me and my boyfriend too
5 Really liked the curry dishes. Fried ice cream is to die for! Lots of parking available too.
5 This is a really good Thai restaurant. Probably the best. I definitely recommend stopping by and order some food. Trust me, you'll fall in love instantly. My kids are always wanting to come here when we ask them where they wanted to eat. A high quality restaurant with great food! The restaurant itself is really nice and tidy and the food is splendid. Definitely 5/5 stars!k
3 I've been to Thai Paradise numerous time and the food here is always delicious. The service is quick and efficient.
5 Love their Thai paradise beef! All the other dishes are delicious too. Their specialty dishes are also on the pricier side but worth it if you're craving something special.
4.5 This restaurant has an amazing atmosphere. Their food is bursting with flavor bite after bite. The waiters and waitresses are really nice and you don't have to wait long.
4.2 Best thai food in town!! I love their pineapple fried rice. Will definitely come again.
4.5 Good Thai Place to go to! Great service and the food here is great. My personal favorite here is the Pad-See-Ew. I really like the Thai Pork Jerky and would I would recommend the Pad Thai here.
4 This place is amazing. Prices are always great, service is wonderful and the food is consistently delicious. My personal favorites are the yellow curry seafood and the red curry tofu. Highly recommended you give this place a visit if you're ever in the Monterey Park area.
3.5 Really unimpressed with this branch due to the slow service on a vacant day.  The food is nothing too special.
4.5 Been here often for my fill of spicy ground chicken with soft tofu(mild). Good place for your fill of thai food but not the best. Pinapple fried rice and catfish with curry are good options to share with others. Had their coconut drink and its super refeshing
4.5 Good Thai food with good service.  They have a good selection of lunch menu that is served with fried wonton and soup or salad.
4 really good place. i highly recommend getting the free drink with the yelp check in  the aroma that i smelled once i walked into this establishment was of pure bliss. the thai tea is also dank as heck. highly recommended.
4 i like to come here with my family for dinner. the grill beef salad is my favorite here and the Thai tea is so yummy.
4 Food is very good. I would recommend garlic and pepper shrimp & scallop. Spicy basil chicken. Staff are friendly. Easy parking and clean environment. Definitely my friends and I will come back later
4 Had such a wonderful dining experience with Sergius as our server. The food is phenomenal and there are so many options to choose from! Love it, will definitely recommend and come back!
4.5 this is is pretty goodthey are VERY VERY friendly!!! hahatheir pad thai is pretty goodbut the other dishes are just okay~over all its pretty good =]
4.5 Food is tasty but you have to be careful and ready for spicy food. i can usually tolerate spices but when i ordered medium it was very spicy.  They took it back and gave us new plates but only diluted it with water.  I always get the squid and shrimp Basil or the chicken tofu.
4.3 Was craving Crying Tiger, but this place doesnt have it. They have stuff thats close to it but not it. The waiters know very good english and know their stuff. I dont come here too often but everytime that i do, its a good experience. the decor is nice and its a decent size place for such a small plaza.
1 Came here with my family after purchasing my sister's car at Longo Lexus (read my review for there) because I was craving thai food. My mom usually goes here with my aunt when they are in the area. Its a little small place in like a strip mall. If i can remember I believe they have like a stage where you can do karaoke? anyways they are really nice here. and their food is great. thats all =)
5 This is probably the best Thai restaurant I've ever been to. The shrimp fried rice was great. The Thai tea is really sweet, but still good :). A 10/10 for the restaurant design very cute. Overall a 10/10 for the food.
5 Great food.  Good service.  Convenient location.  However, the perfume inside is unbearable~
3 I like their Pad Thai, been coming in for it for years. Nice environment. Their high chair for baby look pretty clean compare with most of the other restaurant in the area.
5 Best authentic thai food. Love the free dessert. Reasonable price. Good service. Grrat ambience. What more can you ask for.
5 Good special lunch. Lots of choice. Like the food taste. I always go with my friends. Clean too.
5 The service here is great. The noise level is pretty low. Everyone is really nice, and welcoming. In addition, the food is delicious. I recommend the Pad Thai, and don't forget to order some Thai tea with that!
5 Every time I think of this place I think of the Tom Yum Seafood Soup!!!!  You get to pick the level of spiciness which is great! The soup isn't too oily and it has just the Right amount of seafood! I'm not one for mushrooms so I always omit those guys making it Just right! Great meal on it's own for 2 people
5 Good service and delicious food. Friendly to kids and large group of family together. True Thai paradise.
4 This place is absolutely amazing, I would come back here again. The pad Thai here is very good and I recommend it.
5 My family and I love the food here! We always come here for great authentic Thai food  the service is wonderful here too!!
4.2 Food was okay....nothing drool worthy or anything. The service was BEYOND horrible. The waitress was so rude. She was rushing us throughout the entire time we were there (mind you- it wasn't even crowded!). Green Papaya is MUCH better...both for their food and service.
4.3 Not sure how authentic this place is, but the food is pretty good.  Nice size portions and reasonable prices.  The servers are pretty nice, and ask you how spicy you want your food.  The spring rolls could have been better, but the fried calamari and satay were yummy.  We tried a lot of different dishes, and I think the garlic scallops were the best.
4.5 *Lunch review*Prices for lunch are relatively cheap and come with rice, 2 fried wontons, and soup or salad. Plus sweet glutinous rice soup at the end. The soup is a tom yum soup. So delicious! It was the best I've ever had at a thai restaurant. I say just order a bowl of that and some rice :POrdered: Pad See Ew, Sweet Basil Chicken, and Three Flavors Fried Fish Filet. Everything was very good and well seasoned, flavors were bold. The service was great, and the food came surprisingly fast considering it was pretty crowded on a Sunday. *The sweet basil chicken is made with ground chicken...I wasn't expecting that.*Sticky Rice with "Fresh" Durian: The durian was frozen but I think they steamed it a bit so it came out hot with the sticky rice. I would have preferred it to be cold and the rice hot. The sticky rice seemed a little bit too wet. It also sits in a pool of coconut milk on the plate. Just wanted to try it but it's not worth the $6.I definitely wouldn't mind coming back if I'm ever in the area. Quality food, clean/spacious restaurant, great customer service, and decent prices. And it's also next to Half & Half....
4 This is our regular spot to get Thai delivery from in Alhambra. We've tried other thai restaurants in the area but nothing came close to the flavor this restaurants offers. Granted, not every one of their dishes is to our liking.( For example, I don't like their pad thai and other noodles. ) Nevertheless, they have quite a few things that we get regularly that's very delicious. eggplant and tofu (can't remember the name): my new discovery. it's SO GOOD! Very flavorful. my new favorite and go-to thai dish!spicy basil with chicken: Yummy!! Pe-nang curry (with tofu): highly recommend if you don't care about your waistline;yellow curry: even our friend who's a food racist(almost strictly meat & cheese and pizza kind of guy) loves this dishThink I am gonna try paradise beef next time. Can't wait!
3.5 I'd give this place a 3 &  1/2 stars if I could. Food is decent, so is the price. Service is friendly as well. I love their Crab Fried Rice. I've been dinning here for more than three times and will be returning for sure.
4.5 I haven't come here enough to try other food they offer, but I will review based on what I had in the past.I had all their curries and they tasted great.  I also recently ordered a bowl of tom yum soup and a side of steamed rice and mixed them together myself.  Liked their soup for the cost; I don't like that there's bits of lemongrass which causes a disruption when I eat the soup.Oh, and I wish they offered noodle soups at all hours; they are only offered as a lunch special.Will come back when I have an opportunity.
4.5 For the price, the lunch special was pretty decent. There was a good variety to choose from and they also asked how spicy you want your food, if you get something spicy. I got the spicy catfish lunch special which came with rice and a choice of soup (tom yum, I think) or salad. The catfish was fried beforehand and was crunchy and delicious, but a bit salty. Someone in my party also got the lunch special, but she had a hard time cutting the bbq ribs because the plate kept moving lol. I don't know how one would complain about that to the restaurant haha. Since we came for an early lunch, there weren't that many people there. The service was nice and nothing to complain about.
4 Love their lunch special, great deal! Come with soup or salad and a complimentary dessert. Dry their paradise beef, or if you like spicy, try spicy catfish !
4 I tried the Spicy Catfish lunch special. The presentation was nice and the food was delicious. I ordered it with medium spice...definitely spicy (yay).
4 Pricey, but great food and great service. I got their beef yellow curry and it was amazing (recommend it). I feel like they are known for their fried ice cream, get it with green tea.
4 This my first time ever coming here.. their foods are very good, and their server, sergius, is one of the best server i ever met.. love him!
4.5 This restaurant is very good. I like the spareribs. I recommend this place to anyone who likes to eat Thai food.
4.4 I have been going to this Thai restaurant  for many years.  The food is truly delicious,  especially my favorites,  spicy basil tofu with chicken,  spicy catfish and the fish cake. I am eating the fish cake right now as I am doing this review.  You should order about a spice level of 6 or higher for spicy.  Come by and try it!
4.5 Papaya salad my favorite. The pad thai # 1. This restaurant is amazing, good service.
5 Very Tasty food. Love the iced coffee and three free desert.   Will definitely come back more often.
5 The food is very delicious and our waiter is funny too. This is the first time I've been here and I love it. I suggest that you come here too.
5 Jessie was really good to us and recommends the best food in the menu she's really helpful and nice
1 I sometimes order from this spot because they deliver to my work. So far I've tried the Chicken Pad See Ew, the fried rice, and the beef Pad Thai. I've also tried the Green Tea drink and so far all of the dishes have been excellent. Full of flavor and delicious. Also, the way they packaged the food keeps in nice and warm. I only wish the minimum for delivery wasn't as high as it is, but business is business. I would definitely recommend to people who enjoy Thai Food.
5 This place has good pad see ew if it's eaten the same day it's ordered. It's nice and tastes good, but after warming up the leftovers the next day, i was not happy with the result.  The service actually makes me laugh.  I go quite often because it's convenient, and each time i go the waiters are eating at a large table because the place is empty..  Then as I order, alllll the other waiters watch the one serving me! It's a little awkward trying to eat a meal while the staff stares from across the room.  This place just started delivering, which is a plus, but i have yet to try that.
3 Their food is excellent there. Great relaxing environment to be in and their service is great.
4 I love this place! Good food, nice quick service, and reasonable prices.  I havent ordered anything I didnt enjoy. I will definately be back for more.
5 I've been here a few times and I wasn't impressed. The last time we came was because we were too hungry to wait for the ramen place next door. I've tried the Pad See Ew but it was all stems with barely any leafyness! The last time I came I had Tom Yum soup. I ordered spicy because I always do but it was much TOO spicy so I don't know if it was any good. I think the food is okay but it's not a restaurant I choose to go to.
5 i woudn't go right when they open.  or for dinner.  the paradise beef is the only good thing on the menu.  and the wontons that come with it.
5 Great selection and quality. Their Pad Thai  and mango sticky rice a must have.  Best Thai place in South cal!
3.6 The best Thai food in town!  Tasty food with excellent customer service. I love their Thai tea and mango sticky rice!  It is kids friendly and they have a small pond outside.
3.6 The service is very fast and this place has a pleasant atmosphere! The waiter is very nice and when we first walked in the waiter greeted us very promptly. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone in the area!
4.5 I really love their food and their staffs are really friendly. I would recommend this place to any friends I know. Oh their yellow curries is bomb!
4 Have been here for several times, loves the pork and noodles here, taste super good. Better to have a try, you will like it.
3.5 Great food here went in with my family and was promptly greeted by our server who continuously checked up on us to make sure we had everything we needed. The food was great as was the Thai coffee! Will definitely be returning back here again. One of my favorite Thai food spots in the area
4.5 Great food and big portions!! Great ambience! Great staff and Friendly also! Come early! Plenty of parking!
4.5 I give this place 3.5 stars.  I miss this place!Went here recently for the first time in almost two years.  I am happy to say that the quality of the dishes has not changed at all.  My favorite is the fried seafood curry, really tasty.  With shrimp, scallops, and fish, this dish never disappoints.  The pad-see-ew is a good choice for noodle fans.They also have a location in San Gabriel on Las Tunas.  I think its pretty much the same menu, and the entrees I've had there are consistent w/the Monterey Park location.
4 This place is pretty good when it comes to lunch time.  They have their lunch specials till 2:30pm which is excellent for my work schedule.  I usually order pick up and it comes with a salad and phone in order time is only about 10-15 minutes.My favorite for the lunch special is the Thai paradise beef or Spicy basil soft Tofu spicy 8 =).When it comes to spicy they don't kid aroundI'm giving a 4 because service is sometimes excellent and at times its not so great
4 very pricey foodreally helpful service has a big parking lot out back nice environment
4 My usual at Thai restaurants are chicken satay, glass noodles and tofu?  fried rice and they are all good here. I also like their soup, I forgot what it is called but it is glass noodles and they add lemongrass, carrot & other veggies, I think. It tastes SO good with a lot of lemon! :p Not only is the food good here, but the ambience is very Thai lol. The wait staff is dressed in Thai outfits and the decor is pretty Thai too (of course). My favorite part is they give you a FREE dessert,  some warm sticky rice & purple beans I think it has corn and coconut too, it is sweet and good! :p It may be minimum of $10-20 for ATM, I forgot but bring cash in case :) Parking is in back, plenty of that here.
4 i recently went to thai paradise a few days ago and i loved this place.  outstanding waiter service, quick food prep, and very tasty. I would give this place a 5 but a bit too expensive.
4.5 I love this place! I think it's reasonably priced, tasty and the service is very friendly. Sure, the decor is cheesy but ugh I just can't get enough of their Pad Thai, Tom Yum soup, Shrimp Fried Rice and Spicy Steak Salad. I highly recommend it!
3.6 I love this place but it's pretty pricey. My favorite dish is their spicy basil chicken and tofu !!! Sooooo gooood !! I usually get a 4 in spice, it isn't too spicy but it has a good kick of spice if that makes sense haha. My family goes for their tom yom soup, pad Thai, pad see ew and it's allll delicious! My go to spot whenever I'm craving Thai food, way better than President Thai and green papaya !!!
4.5 I love their pad Thai! I've only been here about 3 times (2ce to go orders) but I love their pad Thai! It's a little pricey though...I'm used to paying about $6-7 but it's closer to $10 but I keep coming back because it is yummy and convenient! I've also tried their yellow curry and it was pretty good! I will keep coming back!
4 the food is very tasty such as mooping sticky rice , clam chili paste, and come out fast. the service is friendly also.
4 Sergius is very helpful and funny. He suggested plenty of great food for my family. We came here starving from a road trip.
3 Delicious and good service! My favorite is the red curry and they offer tofu as a vegetarian option, which is nice.
5 Great thai food! ALSO, a nice lady volunteered to tske our pics, GREAT customer service! A bit more expensive than other thai places, but the portions are huge. Thank you! I would definitely go here again. Rating: 8.5/10
3 When ever I come to LA this place is a must try.  Their fried ice cream is really good.  Great atomosphere and friendly staff.
5 Never disappoints! The Tom Yum soup .. To die for! I always get that the level of spiciness at 3, it's like a medium spicy. Gotta try it!
2 This place has great service. Came here with my family and ordered tom yum, pad Thai, and seafood salad. All were great. The waiters were really attentive and kept asking us if we needed anything else. Overall great experience.
5 Love the service. Lady is super nice and explained the dishes well. Her knowledge of thai food and the specials were on point and really helped me take my order. Jessi is really sweet and takes care of the customers well. The food is great. The thai tea is outstanding.
5 Loved the masaman curry...best I've ever had! The sizzling spinach dishes are also great. The pad Thai was ok, not enough flavor for me. I definitely recommend this place.
5 I came here for lunch today. The food was so good and fresh. The use of traditional authentic Thai flavoring like kaffir lime and curry spices makes this one of my new favorite places to eat. Service was great--they kept having to refill my water bc it was spicy (yes I asked them to make it spicy on purpose).
4.3 We went to out go to Thai place for Mother's Day brunch to avoid the crazy long lines at the dim sum restaurants. The food was great as usual and the MIL was impressed with the quality. We had two kids with us under the age of 3 and the restaurant was kid friendly.
4.3 This place is one of the better Thai restaurants in LA, without a doubt. The services is excellent; the food is authentic, interesting, and fricken delicious, and the decor is inviting. I was REALLY impressed. And I'm a notorious food snob. I went there the other day for a friend's birthday and practically ate myself into a coma.This place will be one of my LA staples along with Mr. Cecil's, Jiraffe, and Echigo.
4.5 This place is pretty good.  I think its the same owner as President Thai in rosemead.  So if you like the food there you will ike it over here.  Same thing just better parking.  Prices seem a bit higher then others.  Get the fried ice cream!!!  Yes, its fried!!!  And its not like those nasty fried twinkes.
4 My wife and I, along with another couple, had dinner here last week on our way to a concert.  It was an early dinner and a week night, so the place was not very busy.  The service was great and so was the food.  I love Thai style papaya salad and order it anytime it's on the menu.  I had it prepared medium on the spice meter for the fear of regretting it later. However, it was actually more on the mild side, but this did not take away from the great taste.  The overall food was very good.  It's not as authentic as Thai food can be, but it should satisfy most...trust me.
3.5 Worse Thai food I've had in my life. Orange chicken has syrup and chicken tastes old and it could be the slimiest I ever had. It looked like GOOP from a space alien movie. The shrimp fried rice taste had a strong tomato taste!!! Ewwww. The only reason it is getting a TWO is due to the fact that the nasty chicken was the cause of a enormous good laugh me and my friend had towards the end. If it wasn't for that this for sure would had been a ONE.
4.5 Foods are so good. Don't forget to have the fried ice cream for dessert.
4.5 This was my first time having thai food and my boyfriend made a great choice because it was so delicious and not intimidating at all. It does get really busy so beware. Try the sampler as an appetizer if you're not sure what to order!  Great date night place!
4 This place has extremely friendly and quick service. I was immediately seated and had my order taken. The food came out a couple minutes later and was okay. I thought the pad see eaw could use a bit more seasoning, but after adding fish sauce, it was great. The Thai tea isn't too sweet and doesn't leave a lingering flavor which is nice. Overall, I would say this place is worth checking out
4 The place looks so emptied!! Food is okay kinda salty.... But overall good customer service but a little expensive.
4 I love Thai Paradise!  If I didn't live in the DC area, I would want to go at least twice a week.  I know good Thai food, and this last experience was FABULOUS!  I ordered a good amount of seafood dishes, and they were all fantastic -- hot, flavorful, and fragrant.  The dishes were of high quality.  It was definitely a revival of my taste buds!The atmosphere is welcoming with a warm staff.  The manager/owner was a gracious host.  I'm definitely coming back when I'm in town again.  I've already told my family and friends about this place.  Check it out!
4.5 parents brought me there since i never ate there b4.. service was swift n fast.. parents ordered a few dish (5 dish and a soup) wat i like is that seafood salad thing that was great too bad i dont rmember the name of it.. then is the pa-tai was okay i guess not the best one i have but still good.. some clams then green curry beef.. that was great when it was till warm but once it cool down a bit it turn very saltyover all i have a great time..
4 Love this place! The food is always fresh and delicious and having them deliver right to my home is just an extra bonus. They are also much quicker than the estimated delivery time which is great!
4.4 Love this restaurant. The staff is so nice, the decor is very charming and unique and the food is great. I've had the pad thai and a curry dish so far and both were very good.  Our waiter was so considerate and really made our lunch even better.
4.5 This is my favorite Thai place! Their special fish and shrimp is so yummy that even my daughters and husband who do not eat seafood loved it!!!
5 Forgot my lemon and I tipped twice because I thought everything was inside. I should have checked first.
5 BEWARE!!! This restaurant is dishonest. If you use credit card in this restaurant. MAKE SURE you check your credit card statement. We went there for lunch on a Saturday, we paid by credit card including tips. A month later after we received the credit card statement, when we compare the receipt with the statement, we found out they had charged us a few bucks more than what we had signed for the bill.We called the credit card center immediately but the representative said there is not much they can do because the transaction is already done. The problem is not about the money but HONESTY.
5 The food is authentic and good.  Their dinner specials are pricey but worth the expense.  Service is descent.  The place is decorated with pride and extravagance.I would recommend for a family dinner, bring the kids.
5 Average thai food and an inflated price.  Try Saladang in Pasadena, Banana Bay and  Coconut Bay in Rowland Heights.
4 Outstanding Thai food on Atlantic Blvd. between the 60 and 10 freeways.  I just moved back into the area and the first night in our house, my son and I went out looking for good Asian food.  We were leaning towards Chinese but ended up in Thai Paradise.  What luck!  They're open late (midnight) and the food was fantastic.  The staff is very polite and described some dishes we weren't familiar with.  All in all - good food and not overly expensive.  Great for take out or dine in.
5 A Very~~ Nice Thai food place. The food is great, the atmosphere is great and the service is great. I can't ask for more except for that it is too far from where I live, but will make some effort to come to this place.
5 Service here is solid, staff is friendly and professional. The food is always fresh, and very flavorful. My husband and I eat at Thai Paradise often now. It's become our favorite Thai place --- and we've visited a lot of them. Prices are reasonable too. Decor is serene and comfortable. Overall, the restaurant is nicely spaced, clean and and family-friendly.
5 I've been coming to Thai Paradise for many years now, and it is still one of my favorite Thai restaurants, next to President Thai in Arcadia. The food is consistently good and the service is great. I usually order the mixed chicken and beef satay, pad thai, chicken coconut soup, yellow curry, and thai beef salad. All are amazing, but the only con is that their prices are going up.
5 Very authentic food, very delicious and spicy. Lunch specials ate great but the regular menu is to die for...super yummy!
4 My husband and I went for lunch today;I had the bbq chicken with papaya salad( the chicken was dry overly microwaved rubbery texture.My husband had the chili catfish( wasn't catfish;talapia it was sweet minus the chili;asked for spicy.The server was ok;walked in and  had to wait to be seated while waitress finished her lunch
5 Ok Thai Food.  Pricey for Thai food though. Been ordering Tom Yum Shrimp for years, but recently receive a smaller to-go portion.
5 We had our company party at this restaurant about 2 years ago & regular month clients meeting here. We just love the foods, services and overal decorating of the restaurant. We came back to this place with 2 friend came from NY state and thought this will be a prefect place to try out. The foods 2*, what's happened? ?? Everything we tried, it didn't taste the same anymore. Anyway, the restaurant management changed. Horrible servers, the restaurant smell awful, and the restroom was disgusting. OMG it wouldn't flush.. My goodnest, we almost trip as we walk in the restaurant. Why did they put this black thick plastic cover on top of the carpet which curl up at the edge and our shoe got caught under it.. Horrible experience including the server wouldn't ask our guest if they want anything to drink or take the order from our friends. Why?? She strictly taking order from me.  Very very rude server and I don't even want to tip them.. Hated the service.  Overall this restaurant should be going down hill if the owners don't care to make changes ... Bring back the best servers, chef before..So disappointed !!!
3.6 If I could I wouldn't give 1 star. So I ordered delivery I called they said it'll take an hour and I was okay with that then they said they will call back in 15 minute to take my order which I was okay too since I was craving for thai food. First they never called me back I got so hungry I called back they said they were busy, okay I forgave them. Then my food was delivered my total was a little under $20 I gave them a 20 totally forgetting about giving a tip. When I gave him the 20 he said your total is 19 something I was thinking 20 should be enough he said "so wheres my tip?" I said excuse me? He said 50 cent tip wow. I got so mad I closed the door. I didn't know its REQUIRED to give tip now for delivery.  Just ruined my day with his bad attitude! !
4.2 Really good experience at this restaurant! My colleagues and I ordered everything a la carte and had SO MANY LEFT OVERS because the portions were larger than we expected. Reasonably priced and would definitely recommend the pad see ew!
4.5 Been coming for 3 years... Today, I wanted to try some different dishes but one of them turned out to be too salty. My date and I didn't really mind too much because it was one small thing after coming for three years. The waitress went out of her way to ask the chef and he insisted that he wanted to fix it. Seriously didn't expect that but it really showed how much these people care. And yea, he didn't JUST fix it either. Customers for life!
4 If you want OK Thai food, with nothing exciting this is the spot. Normal food, nothing to exiting to write about.  Service is kind of slow also.
3.5 good food!good price！best chicken in la！place easy to find and quiet place!when you want to have curry this is the best place
4.5 OUR WAITRESS' NAME WAS POOH! That was a nice beginning to our meal. Also, I like the authenticity of this place's decor and the clothes of the waiters. They make you feel like you're in a Thai place that has people who immigrated from Thailand- not in a bad way. The overall taste of the plates was 3 stars because it was satisfactory- nothing outstanding. I've been to a lot of thai places, and I would choose those over this. Their thai iced tea was excellent, like all thai teas at thai places should be! Out of the orders of spare ribs (grade: C... so plain), pad thai(grade: A), beef noodle soup(grade: B, filling and flavorful), and pineapple fried rice(same as the noodle soup), i think the best was the pad thai. Its flavor was the most memorable. On another note, all the plates weren't hot (temperature-wise). The only thing that was hot was the free dessert which was also delicious. Sooo yummy and sweet.  Prices were ok- around 7 dollars a plate with a soup or salad side for their lunch special.  Anyways I would come back here but only if someone else chose it.
4.5 The food sucks. There is silver colored stuff in my steam rice. The fish is so dry. The salad was too salty. The price was too expensive. The portion was small. I will not come back.
4 Finally got a chance to try this "new" restaurant out and I was pleasantly surprised. Since they are located in Monterey Park, I thought it would be something like sino-ized, watered-down Thai food, but I was *wrong*! I was really impressed with what I had ordered and am looking for ways to bring my friends to try this place out as well. First off, I tried not to order the standard Thai fare -- Pad Thai, Penang Beef, Tom Yum Koong, etc. I ordered their beef salad, shrimp cakes and pan fried shrimp vermicelli instead. I was rewarded with a meal that's way beyond my expectations; especially their pan fried shrimp vermicelli (they use shrimps that nearly as large as tiger prawns!) Now I am inspired to try to make something similar myself at home -- lemon cured raw sliced beef salad. Their waiting staff is really helpful as well, which is somewhat of a rarity in Monterey Park/Alhambra as well. Therefore, I am really looking forward to my next visit.
4 I was planning to give this place 3 stars for pleasant service ...but after my husband told me that the cook did not wash his hands after using the urinal...that deserves no stars.
4 I love this place! It's my favorite place in this city. Their food is delicious and the place is nice. The servers are ok but the nicest one there is Andy, he is super nice. By the third time we were there he remembered what we had order before and said "would you like the usual?" How nice is that?!! I even celebrated my birthday there and my group fit in their round table and we all had a very nice time. They have a band playing on weekends, that was nice too. If I could, I would eat there once a week. I would recommend this place to anyone in the mood for Thai.
4 this is good food. ive been here before, great customer service, hot food, drinks are excellent.
4.5 Loved, loved, loved this place! First time going there, food was great, service was great! Have been to a lot of Thai food restaurants and this one was by far the best! Would recommend this place to anyone. Plan on coming back real soon!!
4.5 the place is clean and pleasant but,i wish i can say the same for the waitress....and i am afraid to say, she might be the manager....my girlfriend order salad with her lunch.she came back with soup! then walked away..we had to flag her her to get her to come back and exchange it..she came back and said"now, you want salad instead?picked up the soup and came back dump the salad with out saying a word..man if looks can kill! if she had clean out her ears..we would of not have an issue! food was decent..but, really! do i need to pay for bad service?
4.3 Been to Thai Paradise at least four times in the last 6 months with the office crew for lunch, it seems to be the consensus favorite due to the range of the menu (particularly for our vegetarian contingent), quality of the entrees, prompt/friendly service and price. It definitely isn't the closest Thai restaurant to the office, so you'd have to say it has something extra going for it. (Have not been here for dinner as it is a long way from home, but if I was in the vicinity, it would be in the running.)  My favorite is the Duck Soup. I am generally very partial to the coconut-based soups but that Duck Soup on the lunch menu really puts a glow on my face. Duck and noodles galore in a very generous serving. In general, the rest of the team are curry fans and what I have sampled from their selections has all been good.
5 As I've been here almost a year, today is my first time here. I ordered pork larb, chicken musamun curry and Thai jerky. First off, the pork larb for me is lack tasty, maybe cause I'm Thai. I'd to put a little bit chilly and fish sauce on it. Then, the musamun curry came out, that was awesome, this dish is one of my fovourite dish forever, and musamun here didn't disappoint me, it was so great. The last one is Thai jerky, it was ok but i think that Thai sauce(we call jaew) is lack tasty. Anyway, I'll come back again for sure. Service was good. Price is reasonable.
4 Best beef ever. price are very affordable. Food taste great. Recommended to everyone.
4 I ate here once before with a friend from out of town about 3 years ago.  It was was decent but unspectacular (2.5 -3 stars).  This past weekend it was awful (1-star).  Perhaps I came on a really bad day because I'm surprised at all the 4 star reviews and lack of negative reviews.  I had chicken red curry from lunch special which came with tom yum soup.  The soup was watery and not flavorful at all.  The "chicken" was tiny shriveled grey strips of something.  Sadly that was a precursor to the main course.  They used really cheap meat and the curry sauce was very ordinary.  The leather strips they tried to pass off as chicken, pretty much ruined the entire meal.  It's very rare that I leave rice on a plate when I'm eating curry.  Maybe they use cheaper ingredients for the lunch special?  If so, there is nothing special at all the price (6.95).  In any event, it was sufficiently bad that I'll never go back even if it was just an "off day".
5 While the Pad Thai was good (4/5), the other dishes (Panang Curry - 1/5, Roast Duck Noodles - 3/5) were mediocre. Service was decent (3/5).
5 I totally agree with Kathy T. This place likes to make a scene. I think the reason why the servers are horrible is because the owner is. Owner supposed to be the model for everyone but if she acts rude then the staff will think it's ok to be rude. Believe me I experienced it. For sure I wasn't the only one. Other people too. They think they're big, hello they're not. Excuse me.........
5 Can't believe people gave high rating - not deserving! VERY POOR management. Annie, the owner, doesn't know what customer service means. Very disappointing. You will not expect the owner to be like that (rude & unpleasant). The servers - sucks. If you order to go & find out later at home that you got the wrong food, they will make you drive all the way to their place  to exchange the food with no credit. Make sure to bring the wrong food or else they will not give it to you. So advice... check it first before you leave. I will never come back here again. Never....Also.... beware of the swimming hair. yayks.....
5 I had Tom Yum soup, Sweet and Sour Shrimp and Scallops, Spicy Noodles, sticky rice w/ mango, and fried banana's for desert.  Outstanding!  It had been a while since i've been but i'm glad to be reunited with this almost forgotten addiction.  Great service that is just my speed.  Planning to visit again this week with more friends.
5 i love this place! they make the best beef salad and they give you a good amount of beef. most of the things on their menu are good especially the shrimp with glass noodles and anything that has tofu in it. my only concern lately is that the prices keep going up. i remember a year ago when i order the beef salad and it's only around 9 dollars. and i consistently come here, but now the salad is like 12 dollars. i know we're in a recession and all that but i think it's very noticeable when you raise the price up by 30 percent in a year. other than that, they've got great service here. ordering to go is really fast. they are efficient and the food is always good.
5 Great variety of thai food for vegetarians. It is centrally located and they have quick service especially when it comes to take out. The food was pretty good quality. We got the pad see eww, pineapple fried rice, eggplant stirfry, and another tofu curry.
5 i like this restruant～the food is yummy～i came a lot ：）
5 first time eating here.  Fast and friendly service.  They delivered very quickly.  Ordered paradise beef with green sauce which was absolutely delicious.  the green sauce is the best.  Also ordered combination fried rice which was very fresh and delicious as well.  Will definitely recommend to anyone and will order from again.  Kuddos to this place.  My tummy is happy :)
5 I really like the food here especially the seafood pad thai. Make sure you ask for the peppers/sauces they are amazing. They also give you a Complimentary little desert too when they bring the check. The prices are reasonable and the staff is very nice.
5 I've always driven by this place but never went in until a year ago about. I am thankful for doing so! The place is reallyy yummie! Their coconut chicken soup is delicious! I haven't tried many dishes actually, but I can say the ones I  have tried were certainly good. At the end of your meal they bring you a free red bean thingy [ forgot the name, sorry lol] but it's pretty good too.
5 this is a great local thai place.  The basil ground chicken w/ fried tofu is the best.  The tofu is silky smooth and the sauce is great.  The soft shell crab is delicious.  my gf loves the squid salad.  the tom yum soups are standard.  overall very good, the basic fried rice/noodle dishes are good.  the little red rice coconut dessert they give you at the end is good too.  service is suprisely good - they constantly refill drinks and check up on you.
5 Yummy food. love the beef salad =D yum. no free dessert. like other thai restaurant. lame
5 pretty nice place. wasnt what i expected it to be from the outside. when you walk in you'll be surprised. i felt under dressed.  good food nice servers.
4.3 Received a menu door hangar on my door...Had the Thai food delivered! Great service! Ordered the Thai ice tea which was good but tasted a little like it had artificial sweetener or something in it... But it was still good and I drank it all! It also could be that I waited to drink it after I was done eating rather then when I first got it so this could be why it tasted different. Pad Thai with beef extra good! Also the fried tofu and the sauce they use is so good! Also the fried spring rolls are tasty. And I received an order of free wontons:) all was really yummy! And I would definitely order from here again! They are easy to talk to on the phone and super helpful:).
4.2 Not as impressed by the take out here for Saturday night.  Maybe the sit-in is better.  They never asked how spicy we wanted our food.  Didn't include any limes with the pad thai.  Seafood soup was disappointing.  I liked the other location's food better.
4.5 The food was pretty good, but the prices are a bit expensive.
4 Love this place could eat it everyday and they deliver for free too- w/in. 3 miles. My favorites are Thai paradise beef and yellow curry.
3.5 Wow.  The food is out of this world, and the service is just right- Very attentive yet not annoyingly so.  I was greeted by very friendly staff who also helped me choose and excellent meal.  The steamed fish is a must.  I LOVE spicy but I was advised to order the 6th level and that was perfectly spicy delicious!!  Will be back with friends soon.
4.5 Had my birthday dinner party at Thai Paradise.  The food was so delicious, the staff attentive and delightful.  The ambiance in the outside patio is perfect and romantic.  I am definitely going again soon.  Try the lemon grass fish- the BEST!
4.5 Myself and 2 friends had a very lovely lunch at Thai Paradise on saturday.  The spicy noodle is amazing, but not for the timid.  I also reccomend the pineapple fried rice and the mango sticky rice desert is a must.
4 Their customer service is great! Their food was okay. The portions are pretty big.
4 We had a great experience at this place.  The food was good and the service was super-friendly!  Our server recommended two appetizers (shrimp cakes and calamari) both of which were delicious.  The calamari came with a sweet sauce that was a great foil for the crunchy, tender rings.  We had a very pleasant noodle dish (house special noodles?), but the outstanding main was the scallops and shrimp in a sweet / spicy sauce.  The seafood was fresh and tasty and cooked just right.  I'll definitely return to this little gem if I'm in the area again -- who knows, I may even make a special trip!
4 I love Thai food.  But I've not found a Thai restaurant that deserves a 5 star yet.  This place was ok, my friend and I ordered the lemon fish, does not have any taste really.  Not sour nor salty enough.  We also ordered the clam, ong choy, dong yom gong.  It was ok, had better.  But the beef salad was pretty good.  Their green lemon sauce was really good.  I love the after dinner desert they serve for free, awsome, I had 3.  I just wished the whole meal was as good as the desert.
4 Some of the best Thai food I've had. Nice atmosphere, too. What makes me want to go back is the authenticity, presentation, and freshness of the food. Oh! And that complimentary little dessert treat that comes with every meal :)
4.5 I've been to a number of Thai restaurants in L.A. and what makes Thai Paradise special is their AMBIANCE...Music is relaxing and decor makes you feel like you're not in L.A. anymore.  Very peaceful and great food. Their yellow curry is amazing and pad thai is not too sweet. Used to come here a lot for lunch specials when I was pregnant last year. If you prefer noisey places, then this is not the place for you.  Thai Paradise has that special element that sets it apart from other busy Thai restaurants. Odd that there are bad reviews, but "to each his/her own"!
4.5 the best and othentic thai restaurant i ever try. its thai spicy when you ask for spicy. not american spicy.
3.6 One of the best thai restaurants in the area, and this is coming from me (a Thai girl myself). My favorite dish is the chicken soft tofu with basil. The tofu is fried perfectly and the sauce is very flavorful. Try to come for the lunch menu, it is much cheaper. I believe lunch ends around 2:30 or so.
4 The curry prawn is delicious but service can be a bit slow on a busy night.
2 Love love love this place.  The food is fantastic and service exceptional.  I have been a regular for years and highly recommend to anyone looking for some great thai food.  Especially good for group dinners....a very good time.  Make sure to save room for mango and sticky rice dessert.  It's to die for!
4 wow! awesome food, great service and good ambiance. Love it, here. Been here a few times and during peak hours it gets a little busy but the servers do the best they can. The prices are reasonable and the experience is pleasant...what more can you ask for?
4 Went there a while back. Ordered to go and while i was waiting for my food we saw dead insects in the corner of the waiting area. A little while later we saw a roach crawling around on the floor. The man who took my order saw this and killed it immediately and then proceeded to try and hide and kick it into the kitchen. Needless to say i demanded my money back, but they tried to convince me to take the food. DONT EAT HERE. THEY HAVE ROACHES!
5 I wanted to try something new, so I gave Thai Paradise a chance because my friend highly recommended to me. I placed one order of pad thai and a chicken fried rice to go, just to try the food. I called in the order and arrived a little early and they said to wait 5 minutes. So I took a seat and patiently waited. The atmosphere and setting of the whole restaurant was very exquisite; enjoying all the different paintings and statues. As soon as I looked over to the other side of the restaurant I noticed something at the corner of my eye - A HUGE FAT UGLY ROACH! I YELLED IN DISGUST AND THE SERVER NOTICED IT AND LOOKED AT ME PRETENDING TO BE SHOCKED HE QUICKLY SMASHED THE ROACH WITH HIS SHOE AND TRIED TO KICK IT OUT OF SIGHT TOWARDS THE KITCHEN LIKE IT WASN'T ANYTHING NEW. I look around some more and I see some other dead bugs swept in the corner right where I was sitting. I immediately got up and asked for a refund. The lady questioned why I wanted a refund because the food was done. The server who smashed the roach whispered something to the lady in a different language so I couldn't understand. She quietly gave me my money back without looking me in the eyes. I don't like to come down on the other restaurants within the same building, but I'm sure they have roaches as well. A roach of that size has obviously been eating plenty and if there is one, there has got to be more. I did not make a scene but I HIGHLY ENCOURAGE EVERYONE TO STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE UNTIL THAT WHOLE BUILDING GETS PROFESSIONALLY TREATED!
5 every time my mom and i crave for thai food, this is usually the place we always go to! their food is delicious and the customer service is outstanding! they never disappoint. i recommend the fish cake, green curry, and the tom yum soup. i'm not usually a fan of pad thai but my mom definitely would recommend it. for dessert, i have only tried the mango sticky rice and it was really good!
5 this place happens to be the best thai restaurant that i've ever been to.  they have their flavors right on -authentic and modern.  sometimes i'll go alone for lunch and if the waiter/waitress hasn't seen me before will say, "all that for you?!"  being fit, they wonder where i put it!!  i have yet to try everything on the menu but so far everything i've tried makes me say mmmmmm.  try the noodles supreme and have banana fritters, dripping yumminess.  the beef dish is great too, can't remember the name but the sauce is superb.  Try clams in the spicy/sweet sauce.  their iced tea and thai ice tea are off the hook, as well.  my friends and i meet here often.  venue is always clean. and service is sincere with a smile.
3 I'm giving this experience 3.5 stars the service was great and the food was good besides the rice in my gumbo it was still very raw. I'm a big fan of the gumbo so delicious but the rice being raw made the experience very unpleasant. I instantly let our waitress know and she was so kind I didn't request a new plate just the rice and they did bring and it out and unfortunately it was still raw at this point I was so full with the bread that I just pushed the rice to the side and ate the gumbo. I did talk to the manager which he was very kind and understanding he was very helpful. On a good note the rest of the food was amazing and the dessert we got was delicious we got the tiramisu cheesecake and the basque cheesecake which were to die for.
1 They serve half slices of cheesecake.. Ridiculous.. I live in Vegas and get  cheesecake all the time..The slices here are literally about half the size..What A JOKE....
1 Called 5 times.. Hung up on everytime.. What a joke.. Walked all the way there.. 20 minutes.. Didn't mind the walk.. But then attitude and told 30 to 45 minutes to get one item to go... I told them I tried calling 5 times and was hung up on each time... Basically called a lair.. This place is the worst restaurant I've ever been to in my life... Unbelievably bad.. Actually been before and was just ok.. But it's close so I would deal.. But this takes it to another level.. Definitely will never be back...0 stars... Minus stars... Lol
1 What can I say it's been years but coming back how the mighty have fallen. Increased prices, lackluster food and service to match. The food was overrated and overpriced yet managed to come out oily and undercooked. The service was a spotty as public WiFi. I used to hold this location as high regard but seems like times have change. Probably would have had a better experience at a mall location, so if the food was sub par wouldn't go hungry and head to the food court for something edible. Had a reservation made it on time. Ordered food and apps, apps came out late along with the food and still had an app missing. Louisiana pasta was undercooked and sauce was pure oil. Sent it back but by the time my replacement dish came out my family was done eating and took it to go. Manager didn't care, no discount no apology, felt bad for the waiter who did help us even though it wasn't his section I mean he didn't cook the food but still and after being here an hour and a half our table was only offered 1 refill. Bill was close to $200 oh well sometimes you get value sometimes you're better off just getting a whopper at BK, save yourself $190
2 This was my most disappointing visit to The Cheesecake Factory yet. Valet parking only, unless you're just making a touch-and-go. Today I placed a to-go order... and how I wish I hadnt :( First off, no update was sent about my order being ready, which has always happened at other locations. The packaging was tragic-- Paper packaging for food items with sauce is what I would call an obvious no-no, eco-friendly or not. All the sauce from my steak Dianne and chicken Madeira was stuck to the paper box so my meat and potatoes were all VERY dry. And who likes dry mash? :(( Tbh I wasn't sure if my food would make it to my destination without breaking through the paper bottom)! The food was cold. And my cheesecakes were topsy turvy in their containers. For such a gorgeous waterfront location, service really needs to step it up.
4 For a chain restaurant, Cheesecake factory is pretty reliable. I've been to many different locations around the US, but this location has a very different waterfront vibe, quintessentially Marina Del Rey. The food was tasty, the service was friendly and the views were vibey. You can always expect large portions and an even larger menu.
3 Slightly understaffed, or just a little chaotic, it took us about an hour to get seated at a restaurant that was only half full.  The food is what you'd expect from a cheesecake factory. We weren't as excited for the meal as we were waiting around to have some of the cheesecake for dessert, which never disappoints honestly. The restaurant also has a great view of the marina from this location.  if you're not in a rush, and you're looking for more of ambience then an efficient meal time and quality food, then it's still a solid place to try.My one large beef with this location is that they charge $6-ish to 'valet' your car. But I parked the car myself. It was just a forced $6 to be in the parking lot in general. And with the lack of parking around it feels like an unnecessary trap.
4 Something nostalgic about this chain! I haven't been here in years, but there is something about their enormous menu that hasn't change too much and their vast variety of cheesecakes that makes this place comforting. What is even better about this location is the view of the marina that makes it stand out. Parking is valet only for around $5 too. Service was pretty good and attentive. My favorite items here are the Cobb Salad and Meatloaf. The Cobb Salad seems to be disappearing from a lot of other restaurants to happy that it still exists here. The Meatloaf is a huge portion so great for leftovers. It's a bit on the sweet side, but still good. Overall, if I were to go to a chain restaurant, I would choose this place in the marina!
5 If she doesn't want to go to cheesecakes factory call me and take me instead because every single dish here is delicious. The chicken piccata is one of a kind and I get it every time I go. The lemon sauce is out of this world and they cook the chicken perfectly. Who doesn't like angel hair pasta? The spinach dip is also one of my favs. If you love banana cream pie/pudding, you must try the banana cream cheesecake. I didn't get it this time but the avocado egg rolls are packed with so much avocado. Service is always good despite it being packed all the time. Ambiance is a nice family style restaurant perfect for birthday/graduation celebrations or for date night. You can do inside or outside seating and look over the marina.
4 Craving a good drink would rate these maybe 6/10 they can use less sugar too sweet for myself. But great presentation on looks & good service from staff.
1 DOOR DASH REVIEW:this place will rip you off. I'm staying in a hotel so super inconvenient. Ordered a $30 steak Dianne which was a $5.99 delivery fee. Received bread sticks with only two sticks of butter when my Partner also ordered food. Two sticks was not even enough. No utensills, so I had to eat my steak with my hands and unable to eat the mash potatoes. It gets worse, packaging is CHEAP. Small restaurants I order from have better packaging than this cardboard they gave me. Seeped through my hotel bed sheets so now it smells like steak. AVOID
4 This place has gotten better. Food is good but was warm. I feel they let the food sit out in those hot lamps to long. Every time I passed by the kitchen,  there was at least 10 plates under those lamps. Anyway back to the food. It all was good & the service was also good. Not my 1st choice but there's a cool kids beach play ground there & we got hungry. It was convenient.
4 Food is good but serving is not They forgot to bring the vine and the cocktail before the food. They brought the vine after we reminded them and they still forgot to bring the cocktail. We were celebrating birthday by the way. So we ended up cheering with the ice water. Now I understand why there is a long line of people every time. Managers cannot on time seat people. We were waiting maybe 15-20 min (however we had a reservation) to be seated but there were lots of free spaces around us. They were either was not cleaned on time, or I don't know other reason. Please consider that.
4 My college aged kids and I had lunch at The Cheesecake Factory in Marina Del Rey The other day. One last lunch out before they return to college.  We arrived at 2:30 pm and were told it would be a 30 minute wait for an outside table. No big deal, we enjoyed a lovely walk around the marina while we waited, but I was surprised there was a wait at that time of day. I got my favorite dish - Cajun Jambalaya Pasta. It was delicious as always. I get this dish about 95% of the time when I go to The Cheesecake Factory. My daughter wanted to get her favorite too - Thai Coconut Lime Chicken - but sadly it was discontinued. Instead she got the Bang Bang Chicken. She said she enjoyed it but that she would have enjoyed the Thai Coconut Lime Chicken more. My other daughter got the Baja Chicken Tacos and enjoyed them. Most importantly though, the service was great. I didn't catch our waitresses name but she was fantastic. Very friendly and super attentive.
4 One of the best Cheesecake Factory locations by far!We are definitely spoiled to have this in our neighborhood.Wonderful service, with a great waitstaff and managers.Generally hot, good food. A beautiful ambiance with quite an epic view of the Marina and Mothers Beach playground. All with the enormous Cheesecake Factory traditional menu, and cheesecake variety!What's not to love, perhaps the valet only for those who prefer to self park. Cheers to good eats and our most traditional go to spots  Yelpers xx
4 End of the year, time to celebrate!From the beginning of my visit to the very end, I was treated like a MVC Most Valuable Customer.Kind staff greeted me, but I was distracted by the cheesecake display. It's hard to take my eyes off the delicious cheesecake creations. The atmosphere was busy and warm.I was seated promptly and calmly went through TCF's extensive menu. My server was extremely attentive. He brought the bread and softened butter. Butter and bread are my favorite meal starters.I found myself fixated on the FACTORY COMBINATIONS page of the menu.Finally, after extensively searching, I found my dish. Among all the dishes, I found it!Chicken Madeira and Steak Diane. The dish is served  with asparagus, mushroom sauce, and mashed potatoes. The best way to describe my plate is two dishes on one plate. What a wonderfully delicious meal.Great food served with  great service, who could ask for anything more?  Well, I know there's a question. How can I come here, and not walk out without a slice of cheesecake? The answer is, I could not. Thanks to my careful observation of the dessert section, I had a slice of Carmel Pecan Cheesecake for dessert. A beautiful combination of chocolate crust, creamy caramel and delicious chocolate whipped topping. OMG! Delectable!Here's where my wonderful time comes to a regrettable conclusion, I ate the entire slice, before I even thought about taking a photo. Well, now I have to go back, purely for research purposes.
2.5 On Tuesday, June 25th, my wife and I, had the worst experience when met by valet attendants at the Cheesecake Factory located at 4142 Via Marina, Marina Del Rey, CA 90292. It immediately turned into an absolute nightmare. Let me share our experience with you. First,  upon arriving, I noticed 10 (maybe a few more) open parking spaces in the parking lot and then noticed that there two vehicles parked in designated handicap spaces without proper permits. The valet attendants from Quality Parking Services Inc. seemed to think that Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) compliance was optional. When greeted, I explained to him that I would self park my vehicle and I asked him to move the non-compliant vehicle, so we could park there. He told me no and told me I could go park in a neighboring lot. He also stated that if I self-parked in the Cheesecake Factory's lot, that I would still have to pay for service. I kindly tried to explain to the attendant about the ADA, and that they couldn't obstruct these spaces. All three of the attendants didn't seem to believe me, nor did they care. So, I parked the car in the order pick-up space and my wife and I began to walk towards the front door of the restaurant. I immediately noticed that the valet attendant appeared to be escorting us into the restaurant and told the manager, Felix what had transpired outside. Needless to say, Felix seemed to understand me when I told him how this illegal act could cause serious problems. He understood what I was saying and apologized wholeheartedly. While we waited for our food, I went outside to document the vehicles with no placards or permits/tags of any kind. The whole time, the attendants presented themselves as not understanding English and only spoke Spanish. Which was funny to me, because when I happened to capture one in my documentary video, he immediately spoke perfect English saying "you can't record a person". He appeared to act as if he instantly became a civil rights lawyer. In summary, these, Quality Parking Service valet attendant's service was a master class act in incompetence, insensitivity, and illegality. If you enjoy parking chaos, ADA violations, and existential despair, come on down to the Cheesecake Factory located at 4142 Via Marina, Marina Del Rey, CA 90292 because this is the place for you. Otherwise, if you are an ADA protected citizen, steer clear--as I'd recommend avoiding this location like the plague, but the food was pleasant as always.
4 I went to The Cheesecake Factory on Mother's Day and the wait was an hour and half. The service was awful, and the food was terrible. The ambiance was okay as we were seated outside. The waiters were rude. I do understand that we went on one the busiest days of the year; but that is know excuse for rudeness.
3.5 I love the view of the Marina from this location, as well as the endless selection of cheesecake and signature bread and butter. Generally, I eat healthier these post-COVID days and while you can certainly order healthy options at this location, it may be challenging to find what you are looking for. Plus, you probably won't be able to resist the bread and butter. Recently, I stopped by this location with a friend after visiting the nearby farmer's market. Lena was our server and she was just fabulous. Kind, amazing and beautiful personality, helpful, responsive, and made sure that we were satisfied. We split a grilled chicken and avocado club sandwich which came with french fries. It was plenty for two. I was satisfied at that point, especially having had the bread and butter, but my friend talked me into a cafe latte and a slice of tiramisu cheesecake to share. Personally, I prefer classic cheesecake, and the tiramisu cheesecake was a little too sweet for me, so I only had a few bites. I recommend the classic cheesecake.Finally, the ambiance was great. As mentioned, Lena was wonderful, the whole staff was friendly including the hostess, and people were in a festive mood. I recommend this location for a meal with a view. It is a great place to visit with friends/family/date and once you are done, you can walk off your meal and enjoy the view at Marina (fka Mother's) Beach.
3.5 "A Night to Remember at The Cheesecake Factory, Marina Del Rey!"My recent dining experience at The Cheesecake Factory in Marina Del Rey was nothing short of spectacular, combining breathtaking views, outstanding service, and delectable cuisine. It was an evening that truly stood out in my memory.The setting of the restaurant is its first winning point. As night falls, the view of the marina is mesmerizing, with the lights reflecting off the water creating a serene and romantic atmosphere. It's a visual treat that enhances the dining experience, making it perfect for special occasions or a relaxing night out.The highlight of my visit, however, was the exceptional service provided by our server, Chadd. His attention to detail, friendly demeanor, and genuine care for our experience made our evening extra special. He had a great sense of humor too - playfully calling me Kevin Hart, which was a fun and flattering comparison, adding a personal touch to our interaction.Now, let's talk about the food. The Chicken Alfredo was a delight. It was creamy, flavorful, and cooked to perfection, with the chicken being tender and well-seasoned. Every bite was a testament to The Cheesecake Factory's reputation for creating dishes that are both delicious and satisfying.Additionally, the overall ambiance of the restaurant was welcoming and comfortable, with an elegant interior that matched the beauty of its waterfront location. The cleanliness and organization of the place were impeccable, making us feel at ease throughout our meal.In conclusion, The Cheesecake Factory in Marina Del Rey offers more than just great food; it provides a memorable dining experience. With its stunning night views, exceptional service from staff like Chadd, delicious meals like the Chicken Alfredo, and a warm atmosphere, it's a place I highly recommend. Chadd is Phenomenal... He gave us Excellent Customer Service, he was very professional, he checked on us every minute... This man deserves a Raise!! A well-deserved five stars for making our evening one to cherish!
4 Our server Chase was outstanding. Thai chicken salad delicious and view beautiful. A classic!
4 We had a party of 5 which our server Tracy T. was superb!  Although the place was extremely busy Tracy was on top of her game!  I spoke with management explaining how impressed we were with Tracy T. and she is a true asset to their restaurant.  Our food was delicious and well prepared... we ordered:- Pretzel Bites with Fondue, Fried Zucchini, Cheeseburger Spring Rolls, Street Corn, Cheese Flatbread, Chicken Strips, Herb Crusted Salmon, Rib Eye Steak, Strawberry Cheese Cakes, Celebration Cheese Cake, a couple of Mango Keylime Cheese Cakes, and various alcoholic and nonalcoholic drinks.  Definitely recommend and will return.
3 I have been a loyal customer of The Cheesecake Factory for quite some time, but my recent visit was nothing short of a disaster. We arrived at the restaurant, expecting a nice evening. There were three of us, and after being seated, we waited... and waited. Over 30 minutes passed without so much as a glance from the staff. No water, no acknowledgment, nothing well they did bring bread Finally, we managed to get the attention of a manager named Maria. To our astonishment, she didn't offer an apology or any explanation. Instead, she just took our order and walked away, leaving us feeling dismissed and unimportant. Shortly after, our server arrived with the same lack of concern. Again, no apology, no explanation for the delay just a bland, business-as-usual approach that felt incredibly disrespectful.We've come to this location many times before, and while service has been hit or decent, it's never been this awful. It was as if the staff had no idea how to handle a basic customer service issue. The lack of training was glaringly obvious in both the server and manager, and the indifference from the manager only made things worse. It's disappointing to see such a reflection of poor leadership and service.To be honest, this experience has seriously made us rethink coming back. We felt completely undervalued and disregarded. It's hard to justify returning to a place that treats its regular customers this way. Something needs to change here, or this location is going to lose more than just our business.
4 THE VERY BEST BIRTHDAY EVER!! Our waiter "Brandon W" is the very best. He took care of us from the beginning to the very end. He even surprised us with a birthday ice cream, singing Happy Birthday to me and to finish it with this amazing birthday cheesecake. Hands down to Brandon. I've been to many other locations and this location is the very best!! Thank you Brandon!!
4 We've been coming to this location for a few years now because of its beautiful views of the water and service. Inside & outside seating. Valet parking at $8 (on Saturday night). We were told our wait time would be about 20 minutes at approximately 6:30PM, but in reality, we only waited 5 minutes to be seated for our party of 4 ( I guess we got lucky).Food never disappoints, I enjoy having their 'Chicken Jambalaya' over and over because of its unique taste... served with pasta, but you can request it with rice instead. As drink, I had a 'Mojito' and finished with a 'Celebration Cheesecake' for dessert. Everything tasted delicious as always. Shout out to our server 'Bri' who was extremely attentive, making sure we had an amazing dinner experience. The restaurant was clean and organized. The valet/parking attendants remain efficient and very professional. Overall, we had a great time here as usual and will definitely return.
5 I was very pleased with the service and food at this location. We were a party of 10 celebrating my husband's birthday and I couldn't be more thankful with our server who made sure my husband was feeling special and well taken cared of giving us a great dinner celebration experience. I can not remember his name but I made sure I complimented his work ethic and excellent customer service with the manager. I had the Chicken Cajun Jambalaya Pasta which was excellent and my husband had their Pasta Napoletana and he loved it. Food was cooked to perfection and had great presentation.  The restaurant is very clean and good size. The only thing I was not happy with was the ladies room with only 2 stalls and 1 not working which created a long wait on a Thursday night. The valet parking attendants were fast and very polite.
3 This was a great end to my birthday. My boyfriend took to this Cheesecake Factory to watch over the Marina during sun set hours. The servers were amazing and made sure to still bring out a little celebration dessert. Even though I was full from the chicken sandwich and my boyfriend was full from the chicken chili. The outside seating area was perfect in the evening with sunsetting and heat lamps to keep us warm.
3 The food didn't really stand out for me. I had the shrimp platter and sampled other dishes that were just ok. Perhaps they should trim the menu of forgettable items and just focus on making standout dishes. The restrooms are disgusting and trashy and no one is keeping it clean or neat. How can there be 2 stalls for a restaurant of this size?!What is up with the heavyweight doors? Definitely not elderly friendly. This place is is also super loud and busy.
4 Ordered last night my go too place when I want to treat myself.   Food was okay but I HATE the new containers and normally it is packed with such care like you are at the restaurant.  No butter for the bread.  No utensils.   And my pasta soaked through the new flimsy cardboard container.  I hope it was an anomaly as I DoorDash from this location regularly.   Will give I one more try them out DoorDash relationship will be over !!!   My food was good though. Tex Mex egg rolls.  Chicken and mash , pasta and cheese sticks.    I small bread for two people.  It was packaged lousy as well.  I did appreciate the sauces were included!!
5 This is not the place to gofor a culinary experience, and you will leave feeling ashamed of the insane number of calories you just inhaled. However, you can't beat the location on the beach and it's a huge plus that my kids can run around the playground a few feet away. Burgers and fries are good, pancakes would be better if they had decent syrup (ours was water-thin). Server forgot a few things but overall the staff was very friendly, especially the hostess.
5 Came here for dinner on a Tuesday evening around 9pm and there were still a good number of diners. Indoor and outdoor patio seating with view of the marina available. Valet parking is $12 or you can try your luck with metered street parking a few blocks away. Cheesecake Factory is one of my favorite chain restaurants and you're in for a fun time. We split the farfalle chicken pasta and that with the bread was a filling (albeit carb-heavy) meal. We had the strawberry cheesecake for dessert, which is a good introduction if you haven't had a cheesecake from here before.
4 Great location with a view of the water. There is outdoor seating with heat lamps which makes for a beautiful setting. Despite it being very busy the service was attentive and our food arrived in a timely manner. They have a number of mocktails for those who choose not to imbibe and an extensive menu, with lighter fare in a separate menu and a number of gluten free dishes. Wait staff was friendly and helpful and attentive. Of all the Cheesecake Factories this is the prettiest location.
4 The happy hour burger was really bad. Might as well call it a slider. The bun was three times as big as the patty
4 Really really dry Cajun jambalaya pasta even when I asked for extra sauce. Don't order it if u lake sauce in your pasta you'll be disappointed. The pics make it look better than what it is
4 I wouldn't recommend this place if you will be dining alone. Party of 2 people will get really full, so perhaps perfect party of 3 and more ppl will be more comfortable. Plates are huge ! Really huge. I ordered small salad Cesar and my waitress told me it will be small. Unfortunately it came to be big, like family meal style. I found wool hair in the salad ... I got  also chipotle spicy pasta ... well chicken meat was really bad quality, all bad parts ... like when you can't chew , you feel some crunchy and hard cartilage... I wouldn't come back . The only great thing about this location is marina eel ray view and dining at the shore
4 We ordered the steak, Diane and brussels sprouts to be delivered to our house. The food was very good.The problem was with the containers. The food was delivered in. They were the cardboard leftover containers like if you ordered at your table, we did not receive any bread with our order like normal. We have ordered this before and we're very happy with the delivery And how it was presented that time hope they change back to the regular way they used to do it
2.5 We ordered the steak Diane dinner, which was very yummy meat was very tender and done. Just the way we wanted. It also got some brussels sprouts which have a flavor of their own very very good and of course for dessert piece of strawberry cheesecake.
4 We ordered steak Diane and an order of Brussel sprouts and the dinner came with a mound of potatoes. Wow what great flavorThe steak bites were tender and juicy. The Brussel sprouts were to die for.
3.5 Ordered steak Diane deliveredThe dinner was great tastingTender steak potatoes were good alsoGot a cheesecake also
3.5 Ordered two Chinese chicken salads to goThe chicken in the salads was very dry and toughWe won't order that againVery disappointing for a lunch over $50
4 Service was horrible, waited 37 mins for bread after the order was placed. Had a bug on my strawberry lemonade. Called for a manager and he didn't apologize or anything, was not sympathetic at all. Definitely will not come back to this location.
5 CHEESY BUT GOODDecades ago, I used to be addicted to the Chinese Chicken Salad at the Beverly Hills venue. Since that location closed, I haven't been back to this chain until now. The Cheesecake Factory is one of the few reasonable restaurants still left in the marina, so my friend and I strolled over for lunch one overcast day. The minute you walk in, beautiful, luscious cheesecakes beckon from the bakery. On the left is the bar, which looks like it has an affordable happy hour. The heaters were on, so we sat on one of the patios, where we had a fantastic view. Our server was attentive and brought over water as well as some lemons we requested. When he asked if we wanted bread, we couldn't resist. Their complimentary sourdough is amazing, and their rich and creamy butter is the best. After perusing the MASSIVE menu (seriously, it's practically a novel!), I was compelled to order my usual. Their Chinese Chicken Salad (Chicken Breast, Rice Noodles, Lettuce, Green Onions, Almonds, Crisp Wontons, Bean Sprouts, Orange and Sesame Seeds, $17.95) was just as tasty as I remembered. The lunch size is more than enough, and I devoured most of it before realizing I should have taken a photo first. My companion chose the lunch size Cobb Salad (Chicken Breast, Avocado, Blue Cheese, Bacon, Tomato, Egg and Mixed Greens Tossed in their Vinaigrette, $17.95) and cleaned her plate. We lingered for hours, catching up and enjoying the view. Thankfully, some things never change and The Cheesecake Factory is one of them.  Factor this into your Marina del Rey restaurant rotation.
1 Wow I feel really lucky to live so close to this place the one in Marina Del Rey has such a beautiful view of Mothers Beach and their managers are great and the food is wonderful It's always delicious. Of course you can't beat the choices for cheesecake. They even have one that's carrot cake cheesecake. Really any flavor that you can dream of is in cheesecake farm here. It isn't the most inexpensive but they give you value for your money.There are plenty of wonderful places in Marina del Rey and when would think that something that's a franchise wouldn't be the place to go but I really do recommend it. It's that good that it is well compared to the other great places in town.
5 The Cheesecake Factory is still one of my fave places to eat because, for me, it's fairly consistent. I almost always order the same thing (Louisiana Chicken Pasta, no mushrooms, add shrimp), and it's a good 3 servings! (Dinner, lunch, and dinner again - haha) I particularly love this location on the Marina because the views are awesome, and it's more visually pleasing. The waitstaff has always been friendly to me here. At my last visit, Lena was such a pleasure! My friend and I mentioned that I got a new job and we were celebrating with drinks. We did NOT expect Lena to bring a decorated plate with our cheesecake. It was SO incredibly thoughtful and really just made our visit that much more special! Parking here is Valet (anywhere between $5 and $8 usually). My biggest issue would be the bathrooms. They smell great, but are almost always have paper towels or toilet paper overflowing the trash bins and are all over the floor...also constantly wet floors, which is a hazard. Other than that, I really do love coming to this location and of course, shall be back!!
5 I love this particular Cheesecake Factory location, as it sits over the Marina. It's usually pretty easy to get seated right away, but getting patio seating can be a bit more difficult depending on the time of day. I prefer to come for lunch and they open at 11:30 am during the week, so that works out great. I'm a fan of their avocado rolls and the Louisiana Chicken Pasta (w/o mushrooms ) is my favorite dish. As expected, you must at least take home a slice of cheesecake! They have SO many options. As of today, 12/22/22, their parking lot fee is $5.50. If you have kids with you, it's a good deal because you can stay in the parking lot while you walk the kids, after a meal, down to the sandy playground.
5 Absolutely, here's a glowing review for the Cheesecake Factory highlighting the bartender and the fast service!!! Leo makes the best drinks!Nestled in the heart of Marina Del Rey the Cheesecake Factory is a culinary gem that never fails to impress. From the moment you walk through the doors, you are greeted with an ambiance that exudes warmth and elegance. The experience begins at the bar, where the talented bartender Leo! crafts an array of tantalizing cocktails with finesse and flair. Their expertise and passion for mixology are truly evident in every sip, as each concoction is a work of art in itself. Whether it's a classic martini or a custom creation, the bartender's attention to detail and friendly demeanor elevate the entire dining experience.In addition to the exceptional service, the speed at which the food is prepared and served is truly impressive. Despite the bustling atmosphere, the Cheesecake Factory manages to deliver dishes promptly without compromising on quality. The efficiency of the kitchen staff is commendable, and it's clear that they take great pride in ensuring that every dish is presented with perfection.Whether you're celebrating a special occasion or simply savoring a night out, this establishment is a shining example of culinary excellence. Try the Tamale corn-cakes!!  Check out my pic! Okay  Love ya Bye  ---
5 This location has the best location as far as scenery goes. Sit outside during the summer for a fun southern California experience. As for the Cheesecake Factory dining experience, it is geared towards families with children, but a little more elevated. It's a step up for choices as far as food and alcohol, and the price point is higher as well. You might get a more romantic experience if you go at night, but lunch time, when we went, definitely not, as this will be couples with small children time. The fire pits look really cool, as well as the cabana tables. We sat on the middle level outside. You will get some free bread, a baguette and what I think is pumpernickel. I always like to try something new whenever I go to a CCF, which is not often, this time I tried the Ahi Poke Nachos and also some sangria. The time frame was fine, no issues with that. My only criticism was the server spilled the sauce when he set the dish down, it got on the table, my sunglasses, and phone. He didn't notice, I had to ask him to clean it. Luckily, none of it got on my clothes. The food itself tasted really good, the idea works well, the sauce was delicious. The sangria was pretty weak though. For dessert, I could not not have some cheesecake, so I ordered a slice of strawberry cheesecake to go. It was good, as expected!Also: I forgot how small the bathroom was for such a large restaurant. There is only one regular stall and one handicap stall. It was also not kept clean or toilet paper stocked. There needs to be a regular attendant or cycled duty for the restrooms.
2 An interesting experience to say the least. The Cheesecake Factory is a place that tries to give off the impression of a fine dining experience minus several key things that make a fine dining experience what it is. Location: right on the water which is nice. But why am I forced to valet my car (not complementary valet either)? Food: bread was hard (felt less fresh than the store bought Cheesecake Factory bread). Main entrees were good but took one hour to come out. Dessert was as expected, good. Ambiance: this is where the review takes a turn for the worse. Didn't get the impression that things were clean. Tables are left with empty dishes for a significant amount of time before anyone cleaned the table. Maybe it's standard CKF procedure but I get a bit grossed out when a table is barley wiped down and then utensils are placed directly on the table for the next patrons. Let's keep the utensils on the napkin please. The lighting in here is dim. When I say dim, I mean the type of lighting that's kept on at a movie theater when the movie is playing. See food pic; which was with night time mode enabled lol.Our waitress was overloaded with tables. Shoutout to her for doing the best she could to keep everything running. More staff is definitely needed. Overall, I would stick to take out here and skip the in dining experience.
2 I have always loved the Cheesecake Factory for good casual dining, but my visit on July 26 to the Marina Del Rey location left me disappointed. I started my meal at the bar with the Korean Cauliflower, which was delicious. However, things took a turn when I ordered the Jambalaya Pasta to-go.I ended up waiting 20-30 minutes for my takeout order. I had to ask the bartender to check on it, and only then did it arrive about five minutes later. Given the Cheesecake Factory's reputation, I didn't initially mind that my order came in a cardboard box. Unfortunately, when I finally sat down to enjoy my meal later that evening, I was very disappointed.The pasta appeared as if it had been haphazardly thrown into the box. The sauce, which I assume was meant to be poured over the dish, was separate and the overall presentation was poor. I've ordered takeout from much smaller, less established restaurants that have managed to deliver a better presentation than what I experienced here. The Cheesecake Factory needs to improve its takeout service. Despite being a long-time fan, this experience has made me reconsider my loyalty.
4 **note that there's self parking for $6 and valet for $8. pick your poison We went on a Thursday afternoon and got seated immediately. Ambiance was great! We sat outside and seeing the sunset against the buildings and the marina was really beautiful. Our server was also really chill. He made sure to check in from time to time and was pretty friendly. The food was pretty much the same as the other Cheesecake Factories, but I did feel like it was slightly better. The tomato, basal, and mozzarella flatbread was crispier than the ones I've had before and there was a lot of extra sauce in the Da Vinci pasta which made it super creamy and enjoyable. The caesar salad was also really good and fresh. The croutons were really crispy. Overall, I really liked it bc I'm a fiend for crispy and saucy food. Maybe I'm just biased bc Cheesecake Factory is also my favorite restaurant, but I definitely will be returning!
4 Our favorite chain restaurant! My mother , grandmother , daughter and I eat here every other Friday as a tradition . No matter how packed it is (they get extremely packed) the service is always nothing short than impeccable. They truly know how to service and take care of their customers. The food is always amazing no matter what I order ,but a few of my favs are the steak Diane with scampi , the miso salmon **chefs kiss** and lastly the steak medallions from the skinny menu when I'm trying to watch my figure  . The outdoor seating is absolutely beautiful, can't wait for the summer to sit out there !
5 NOTICEI took my husband out to dinner last night to celebrate his bday!  Dinner was its usual..  we had a great evening at our normally favorite restaurant.  Well!! So you might be wondering why the low rate today!!  Well when we got home from dinner ..  we had ordered his favorite banana cheesecake to go!  Once he took a bite!! He was surprised that it was a lemon-cheese cake with bananas on it!! Now you can imagine how that tasted!! Well he was ok with someone making a small mistake!! So this morning .. I called to let the restaurant know of the mistake. Diane who answered the phone asked if I would like to come in and replace the cheesecake.   I kindly explained that I would not be able to make that drive to replace it..  (I told her it's Mother's Day weekend) so she offered to have it refunded! I said great!  So,  she then asked for the 4 digit number on the receipt and during the conversation (before I could  give it to her.. for some reason) she then stated that they were too busy today..  and she would have a manager call me.  I then asked her .. ok will the manager be calling back today? She said that they had  just opened and they have many managers in .. but she didn't know if one will be able to call me back today.  So, then I asked will it be tomorrow.  She then stated that she wasn't sure!   I then ask for a manager(s) name ..  she couldn't or wouldn't provide a name for me to have..  Ok.. so now I wasn't sure what she meant about being too busy! First! I am a paying customer that at no fault of ours..  feels that our situation should have been taken care of immediately!  & If you just opened up, she should have informed a manager or any manager standing probably next to her of the situation! That took place last night!!Secondly! I don't like when you think you can dismiss someone's concerns about a service that they have already rendered (and paid for) and the customer didn't received the right product... or what they have already paid for..  I am not happy with the customer service nor response from this mornings call.   Actually, it has ruin my day and I am not going to wait on a call that should have been taken at the time of my call in ... today to fix and rectify their error!!!  So I am going to make sure that Diane is retrained to handle every customer service need(s)immediately and she should be trained to inform her supervisor so that they can make the decision(s) at a manager level and not at an entry level position decision to dismiss my or anyone else's concern(s) ..  especially, when it's the establishments error!!  I am so disappointed in the handling of my call.. by the staffer at the Cheesecake Factory! It's just freakin disrespectful!!  So that why she ( Diane) gets the one star   if that was her true name!!
4 I have to update my review. We had exceptional service from Eilon  forgive me if it is spelled incorrectly. The server was incredible and it is REALLY hard to find these days. He was so personable...he made suggestions. ..He asked the children their names. The food and ambiance was great the the other day.  It was a beautiful day and it is usually too crazy to get a seat outside. The server made our day. He should know how much he was appreciated, Good service is truly hard to come by. Thank you
4 Mixed review about this place I struggle to give between 3 and 4 stars, We have been coming for years but the other night i felt that we had less than competent people at the host stand. i think they can truly work on their treatment of people. We waited for so long. They say 20min wait???? At least 45 min later we addressed the host and were finally seated where we waited again for service. Finally Patricia came to us...she was so BUSY and I begged for some bread for the kids.  The food was great and the server was really trying her best. I cannot fault her at all. I just feel like when you run an operation that makes this type of money you HAVE to work on customer care. The reason that I can't give 3 stars is because i know we will be back. I know that Cheesecake factory has good food and they cater to people most of the time. When I go back to this location I will do things differently next time. I hope they work on the host stand as well.
4 Let me just start by saying I really love Cheesecake Factory but I do order the same things every time. My favorite appetizer is their avocado egg rolls that are filled with avocado and sun dried tomatoes, it comes with a side of dipping sauce which I'm not quite sure what is in it but it's a little sweet and has cilantro. I really love the balance of flavors from the egg roll dipped in that sauce. Main course- Louisiana chicken pasta, it's a creamy red sauce that has a little kick to it but I do not find it spicy, if you find pepper to be spicy then this is definitely not for you haha, green and red bell peppers and mushrooms. I always make sure to ask for fresh Parmesan on top, it makes a difference. It's very delicious and the thing about this pasta that I find awesome is it tastes even better the next day!!! I think it's because the spices marinate into the bow tie pasta. Mac n cheese burger- I am a burger girl and this is a darn good one at that! The flavor is amazing and it comes with a fried Mac and cheese ball in the middle  so cheesy and good. I've had this lettuce wrapped also when I'm trying to not over do it on carbs and it's actually still really good but with the bun it's 10/10Dessert - raspberry lemon cheesecake hands down it's my favorite, perfect amount of sweet and sour.  I enjoy it very much and almost always order it.Location- 10/10 it's right by the water and very relaxing. I like sitting outside on the deck. They only offer valet parking and unfortunately there isn't much parking anywhere else unless you want to walk.
4 Came for lunch on a Saturday and had an overall good experience. Host and server were amicable but service was really slow. What should have been a 45min lunch turned into 1.5 hours due to food delivering time slow, our server forgetting items (some items never made it). Food was good overall, salmon was delicious, lettuce and condiments were as to be expected. View is good if sitting outside, parking is $9 bucks but worth it if you stick around (farmers market, playground, etc).
4 I'm only giving this 2 stars because my mom and my grandson enjoyed their food. Unfortunately I did not have lunch. I ordered a Long Island iced tea and it was super duper sweet.  It  just tastes like liquid sugar you couldn't taste any of the different flavors or 7 liquors in it and they told me that was their recipe so it was nothing they could do about it and then I ordered the green chili enchilada plate and instead of it being Mexican rice it came with  white buttered rice which I refuse to pay $20 for some white buttered rice and a couple of spoonfuls of black beans so I sent that back and just didn't get anything. Once my mom and my grandson are done eating I will be going to Tito's Tacos what I had a taste for in the first place. Happy Eating
2.5 Our family ordered the chicken nachos and fried chicken party wings dry with the sauce on the side for the appetizer they were good and for the main course we all three ordered the jambalaya , my husband and I didn't want no shrimp in ours and our daughter didn't have no substitute , they ended up bringing us the jambalaya with pasta noodles and we returned it for the rice instead and asked the waiter just package it's up to go .  Long story short got home all three of us didn't get any sausage with our jambalaya which is one of the main ingredients in jambalaya, we were so disappointed, this just threw the whole meal off and was so disappointed and  dissatisfied !
4 We went for lunch to this place in Marina Del Rey on Monday July 15, 2024.We ordered Mushroom rigatoni pasta.We asked for vegetarian.The pasta was cooked with FRESH LONG HAIR, nicely mixed with the watery sauce, either from the chef or server head.Disgusting, hope they did not pick their nose and dump it in the food. God knows, We were not there.We told the server and lady manager, she was not surprised. Looks like she is used to hear it.If you looking for hair transplant, go get from Cheesecake Factory.kill two birds with one stone, eat and get hair free
3.5 The food, service and ambiance are five stars. However at this location the restrooms are rather lacking for the woman, hence the four star review.Each time I visit I order the same dish and it's always the same. I was a lil apprehensive post Pandemic  and all however I was not disappointed and my dish was still perfect. Jamaican black pepper chicken / shrimp with extra plantains
3.5 We had a coconut mojito that was tasty. Chicken piccata and seared ahi, we also had a New York steak. All where cooked perfect. We had John for our server and he was great. Service was quick and we got checked on a few times. Music was a little loud for conversation but we had a good time.
4 I got a gift card to use here and did an online pick up order and it was ready earlier than the designated pick up time.  I ordered the lunch Chinese chicken salad, fried zucchini, a slice of carrot cake, and a slice of the key lime pie cheesecake.  The Chinese chicken salad was great and reliable as always.  The fried zucchini with ranch was very good with a tasty crispy coating.  The carrot cake wasn't quite as excellent as SusieCakes version due to its texture.  The key lime pie was tasty with just the right amount of tartness.  Service was polite and friendly.  I need to come here more even when I don't have a gift card!
1 I ordered online and the estimated ready time for my curbside order was 12:21 p.m.  I finally got my order almost an hour later.  Ridiculous!!  If the time estimate will be that inaccurate, they shouldn't bother to quote a time.  I should've just gone to the farmer's market in the  adjoining parking lot to kill time had I known the wait would be that long. The chicken pot pie had very mild flavors.  It reminded me of their chicken and biscuits dish.  I really liked the baked potato soup of the day and the caramel apple cheesecake.  I also had to get a slice of the seasonal pumpkin pecan cheesecake.The workers were nice, but the long wait was crazy.
1 I finally got around to cashing in my last Slice of Joy coupon for a free slice of cheesecake.  It was supposed to expire in March, but with the pandemic, the restaurant extended the deadline until the end of June which was helpful.I hadn't ordered the Chinese chicken salad in years and I remember they have a great version.  I also tried the chocolate hazelnut crunch and white chocolate caramel macadamia cheesecakes for the first time and both were very yummy.  You can't go wrong with most of their cheesecake flavors although the slices do seem to be getting smaller and thinner.It wasn't crowded when I went even though they are now open for dine in service, but they had lots of takeout/delivery bags on the counter.  Service was friendly.  They seem to have systems in place for dealing with the pandemic including hand sanitizer near the entrance, plexiglass at the counter, signs for social distancing on the floor, workers all wearing masks and gloves, sanitized menus, sanitized pens to sign for credit card orders, etc.  Good job!
2 I wanted to redeem my offer for a free slice of cheesecake (I chose caramel pecan turtle flavor) and decided to order a couple of other things while I was there.  I tried the loaded baked potato tots filled with cheese, bacon, and green onion which came with sriracha mayo and sour cream.  They were delish and addictive.  I also ordered the lunch sized shepherd's pie which I hadn't eaten in awhile.  It was flavorful and better than I remember.My online order was ready at the appointed time although when I go, they always seem a little short handed at the cheesecake/takeout counter.  Lucky it wasn't more crowded or the wait would be even longer.  I have another offer for a free slice of cheesecake which I have to redeem before the end of March.  I'm looking forward to my next visit.
3 I called ahead of time to make sure they still had the seasonal peppermint bark cheesecake that I really like but always have to wait for Christmas time.  The guy I spoke to on the phone said they had it, but yet again, it was too late for the seasonal pumpkin pecan cheesecake.  Upon arriving, I ordered two slices of the peppermint bark, one mango key lime, one Cinnabon, and one pineapple upside down cheesecake.  For awhile, the two workers and one manager couldn't find any of the peppermint bark and I waited around as they looked for it.  I explained that I called before I came and was told they have it.  I would've been very upset if they didn't actually have it...Finally, Myron said he found it deep in a freezer.  Whew!!  I left relieved and happy.
5 Last year, I was very disappointed because I missed out on the seasonal peppermint bark cheesecake.  Well, this year I managed to get a slice before the season was over/it was all sold out.  However, I'm disappointed that I missed the seasonal pumpkin pecan cheesecake!  You mean I have to wait another year?!  I settled for a slice of key lime cheesecake.  Their version is very tart.I tried the southern fried catfish with mashed potatoes, corn, and green beans.  The catfish was very dark in color, but inside it was cooked just right, not dry.  The portions of the sides seemed a bit modest.  I remember when Cheesecake Factory portions were known to be rather huge...Not anymore.  The catfish was adequate with three pieces, but the sides did seem skimpy.Service was efficient, prompt, and friendly.
5 I had a complimentary gift card to spend and it was burning a whole in my pocket...I decided to try the Thai lettuce wraps and the crab wontons.  The Cheesecake Factory and Grand Lux Cafe sure seem to do a lot of these Asian fusion dishes!Both appetizers were good, but I wouldn't order them again if I didn't have a gift card since they are pretty expensive for what you get.  The chicken with the lettuce wraps was good and the three sauces that came with them gave the dish an interesting kick/accent.  As for the crab wontons, even though there were some actual slivers of crab in there, I'm so used to the crab rangoon from Chinese restaurants that it was hard to get used to this Americanized version.It's hard to believe I left without getting a piece of my favorite carrot cake or trying a new flavor of cheesecake...Restraint!
5 Someone gave me a Cheesecake Factory gift card for Christmas so I wasted no time spending it.  I called in a to-go order and ordered the lunch sized meatloaf and decided to try the chicken croquettes and the sweet corn fritters on the small plates part of the menu.  Somehow, the meatloaf wasn't quite as good as I remember from the past and although the croquettes and fritters were pretty good, I don't think they warrant ordering again in the future.  Both had a bit of a spice that was a little strong for me.  I do have to rave about the sour dough bread that they included with the meal...Mmm!Lastly, I tried the caramel pecan turtle cheesecake.  It was good, but it didn't come close to the recent peppermint bark and red velvet cheesecakes that I had in the recent past.  I think I'll try the brownie sundae cheesecake next time...
2 I came here for lunch and sat outside and had a very nice view of the marina.  I had trouble deciding what I felt like and ended up getting the lunch sized portion of the shepherd's pie which was good and is usually a safe bet.  My other usual favorites include the meatloaf and the chicken and biscuits.  My friend had the turkey burger with fries and we shared the dutch apple caramel streusel cheesecake for dessert.  Our server was attentive, checked on us quite often, and kept the drinks refilled.
1 We always love coming here, however we are a little disappointed in last night's experience. Three of us got our meals within a 5 minute time span, however my friend's dish didn't come out until another 20-25 minutes had gone by. The rest of us were waiting, out of courtesy, and our food had gotten cold by the time her dish came. While we appreciate the manager coming to speak to us, we should've been compensated for at least her meal.
4 This was my first experience dining at this particular Cheesecake Factory location, and it was surprisingly spectacular all around!! This was due primarily to the OUTSTANDING customer service we received from our wonderful server, a young man named David. David was like a magical unicorn in the world of wait staff. As in, you can't believe fantastic service like this exists. He was prompt, polite, charming, courteous, and attentive without ever making us feel rushed or hovered over. David kindly offered suggestions as Boyfriend and I were struggling to choose from their MASSIVE menu, and we were quite happy with our choices - the calamari fritti for an appetizer, and the Crispy Chicken Costoletta and Korean Fried Chicken for our entrees. The portions of food are massive, and we had plenty of leftovers to take home. The ambience is rather loud, but we sat at a high table in the bar area which has a lovely waterfront view of the marina, so we were happy. Solid food, but the main reason I would come back is to be served by David again!! He said he was going to school for automotive tech and hoped to open his own place one day. With David's charming demeanor and attention to detail, I'm sure he will be very successful at whatever he does. Manager, if you are reading this, please give David a raise!! He is awesome!!
5 This was the worst Cheesecake experience that I've ever had. Our server Katara was lovely. However, The kitchen took one hour to make our food and it came out cold and congealed. Nancy, the manager was very rude and made no effort to rectify the situation. As we were leaving, another table stopped us and said they had a horrible experience with the manager Nancy as well. Skip this restaurant and go to Maxine's on Washington instead. Great food great service.
4 I got a strawberry cheesecake for a birthday cake and it was the best I've (everyone) ever had. It comes frozen (2p) then I left in fridge for 4hrs before dinner event (6p) and ate within 2hrs (by 8p). Will do this every year
4 My husband and I came here for dinner on 1.6.23 we sat in the bar area. Our waiter John was GREAT!!!!  He was very personable, answered all our questions and always refilled our drinks.. we were never thirsty (lol). We usually always order the same thing when et. One to Cheesecake Factory.. this time I ordered something different but my husband stayed with his same choices like always.  Everything good. Only complaint is today the food tasted a little bland... :-( but not bad enough for a complaint. We love cheesecake and will always come back... thanks again John for a great night!!!!
5 soggy salads and rude manager.after complaining to the manager about the saturated old salad, he stood there with hands in his pocket and asked what we wanted to do ?we just wanted to report to them about the condition of the food. no apologies or thanking us for reporting.amazing how rude they can get.
3 We visited this location for my mother's 75th birthday celebration for Sunday afternoon lunch.    We were a party of 9 and expected to wait since reservations are not accepted for large parties.   We never expected to wait for 2 hours!  We were originally told 30 - 40 mins.  After 40 mins we checked and were told another 10 mins.  This went on until I asked for the manager - Nancy which I spoke to.  She was not user friendly.  She stated that we had to wait for another large party to release the table before we could be seated.  I shared with her that I had elderly parents that we needed to accommodate  and that NONE of the hosts shared with us that we needed to wait for the large party before us to leave before we could be seated.  If  we were told, then we would have had the option to decide to stay or leave.   At this point I shared that we were willing to split the party to be seated.  No go.  Nancy projected that I was rude and disrespectful which was not the case.  I never cursed or raised my voice only gave her the facts of the situation.  Needless to say we left at the 2 hour mark.  The mood and experience for this celebration was overshadowed by a staff that has no idea what they are doing and certainly falls short with customer service.  I have visited other Cheesecake Factory restaurants throughout the nation and never have I experienced this type of service.  My recommendation if you are in the area and enjoy cheesecake, visit the Beverly Hills location, or Santa Monica - anywhere but the Marina location.  This was our second attempt to patronized this location but they fall short.  Spend your $$$ elsewhere.  Not worth the aggravation.
3 Now they do have wontons! Now Meatloaf now comes with just corn instead of corn succotash. Great service as always.
4 They don't take gift cards and they did not have Crispy Crab Wontons! But I loved the service! Best in town!
4 They should have gender neutural bathrooms as there are very small ones with just two stalls, food and service ok
4 I was totally blown away by our server JOSH!  He was so attentive, enthusiastic and prompt. He brought us bread right away and inform us that the wheat was still in the oven but wanted to ensure we had bread in the meantime. We placed our order and everything was delivered at the same time and hot. Everything we order was exquisite. Plus I saw the servers helping each other out which was really cool to see. (Many times you don't see this)We ordered jambalaya, small shrimp plate, salad, sweet corn tamales and a kids pizza. The pizza is pretty big for kids. They shouldn't be hungry after lolIt was a bit dark for my eyes but perhaps I need glasses. Anyway I think I like the service provided and I might start commuting to the Marina instead of Redondo beach as that service has been mediocre for some time now.
4 A BIG disappointment. Too bad really given the location, venue and outside views. Staff are clueless. We requested outside seating. Told it would be 5-10 minutes. Almost 90 minutes later, we got seated. Only got worse when we got seated. Waited another 20 minutes for a server. Got our beverages and waited another 20 minutes for our order to be taken. Wel ... We waited another 30 minutes to get our SALADS ... Totally insane. Should have purchased food from the food trucks in the parking lot. Do yourself a BIG favor and avoid this restaurant.
4 The Yelp 3 Star Rating was invented for Cheesecake Factory (CF).It's always OK here.CF is like the kid in school that is smart that does not care about getting A's.  They are fine sitting in the back of the class, feet up pulling C's without any effort.We came here at 7.30 pm on a Saturday Night and it was so crazy, busy, and loud you would think Elvis was performing.   Long wait for a table, poor table service, food quality at the 3 Star Yelp Level. I always get the Salmon here.  You have to ask for it Medium otherwise they will rubberize it by over cooking it.  In the CF food prep manual it says to grill the salmon so much it flakes and bounces. Came with brown rice not close to as good as Trader Joes or Whole Foods frozen brown rice.  Rice is another 3 Star.Personally I would avoid this place Saturday night, really avoid dining out anywhere on the weekend nights unless you need to romance someone into bed.All restaurants these days suffer from understaffing, poor training, and overpriced foods.  Much better idea is dine out M to Th.  Sit at home with your honey on Fri and Sat and prepare a 5 Star meal in your kitchen, turn the lights down low, put a movie on...Parking here is 8 dollars self or valet.  It's a beautiful location on the water but that's where the fun stops.
2.5 The food was good but it took forever to arrive at our table like over 45 min for 2 lunch pizzas with side salads
4 I have been coming here for  many years . I use to live across the street and this was my go to spot . It's always been a hit and miss depending on who the new management was . Tonight was not a good experience . We ordered dinner in the cantina area and it took over 40 minutes for our food to arrive . Unfortunately I had to send it back because our boat was leaving at 10:30pm. There were3 other tables that ordered after us and their food come before ours . There is no excuse. It wasn't until I told them to close our tab is when our food arrive . This is unacceptable. The service was not good , they are way over priced and they charged me someone else's order .
3.5 Food is Very Good, Special in Salmon and Steak Perfect Cook. Great Service, and Good Ambiance. But Valet parking to expensive.
3.5 I always enjoy going to the cheesecake factory, because no matter what your dietary preferences there's always something wonderful and amazing that will fit every dietary group and I especially love love love that cheesecake
4 Steak Diane was a little dry. Coconut mojito delicious. Even with a reservation still waited 45 minutes to be seated. Outside patio is a must.
2 I went with my family to the Marina Del Rey location and from the moment we entered, the experience was a 1 star. The front desk host Marina was very rude and unprofessional. We were standing for a while waiting for her to end the call she was in. I understand ppl need to multitask but at any given point did she acknowledge that we were there. I've been in exact same situations before and the host will pause and let us know quickly that she will take care of us shortly. That's all that we asked for but she had no regard for us. Instead, she extended the call laughing seeming as though there was nothing else for her to do. To make matters worse, when she got off the phone, she didn't apologize. She acted aloof and careless. Her job is more important than what she may think. She is the face of The Cheesecake Factory. She is the first person you talk to when you enter and therefore hosts need to take their job more seriously or a decline in customers can occur. If it weren't for our waiter Jacob who was excellent, we would not be coming back. He is the only reason why we are giving this experience a 3 star.
5 This restaurant was set in the beautiful location of Marina Del Ray. The outdoor seating had beautiful ocean views with plenty of heaters to keep you warm. I had my order all planned out before I arrived just to be disappointed that all the items on the menu were not available at this location. We ordered the Pineapple Mezcal and a Mai Tai, Both were so good, the presentation was on point and they didn't skimp on the liquor, very yummy!! For dinner I chose the shrimp pasta which was absolutely delicious, the shrimp were fresh and huge the spaghetti and meatballs were good nothing too special. We couldn't leave without dessert I had the salted Carmel cheesecake, and the ultimate red velvet cheesecake, both were perfect! The staff was very attentive and the food was good but I didn't like how we had to walk through the kitchen to get to the other side of the restaurant or in order to use the bathroom (which was very tiny and crowded, felt like I was on a airplane) very disappointed for the location of this restaurant to not put those things into consideration. We had to wait out by the bathroom door which was in the way of the waiting area of the entry door. Other than the missing items from the menu and walking from the kitchen this was a nice dinner.
5 Pretty view of the Marina is the best thing about this restaurant. Whoever manages the kitchen needs to be replaced. My table ended up getting our appetizers 35 minutes after ordering. And an extra 40 minutes to get our entrees. Food is decent. I couldn't enjoy my food as my wife and daughter both got their food much later than I did.Get a new kitchen manager/chef whoever it is that runs it needs to go.
1 Absolutely disgusted by the service me and my family received yesterday customer service was at an all time low for a chain restaurant we kept getting switched off to different servers like no one wanted to serve us every-time we asked for something it took 20 minutes to receive it the drinks tasted like NO ALCOHOL was put in them and the waiter tried to pocket my aunties 80$ in change when she complained the manger made the waiter empty his pockets in front of my aunt and there long behold was her 80 dollars his excuse was he got that confused with his tip money! I call BS then the manager didn't even give us anything free for all our troubles not even free parking or a cheesecake on the house! I WILL NEVER VISIT THIS LOCATION AGAIN IN MARINA DEL REY No wonder it's trending that the Cheesecake Factory is now an awful place for dates!
5 Sean our waiter was very attentive We were sat down immediately and were served in a reasonable time. The food was great and I highly recommend this restaurant
4 I have been here before during the weekday on off hours and it's always been a standard experience.   Im thinking this happened because it was on the weekend.. First, we asked for a highchair and it took about 30 minutes to finally get one.   Then after about 40 minutes they took our order.  Unfortunately, I never got my food. The other people got their food but felt it was rude to start eating until I was served.  Finally I said "guys go ahead please eat". We never got bread at the table either even though i asked for it twice.  Again the waiter apologized he said he asked someone else to get us bread and that other person didn't do it.  When we were finally ready to leave, two hours later, we were told they could wrap up my food to go because it was almost ready.  Our waiter was very apologetic. Apparently my dish  had accidentally gone to a different table.  He had put in the order again, but it had been 40 minutes since he had put the order in a second time and it still wasn't out.  We eventually told the waiter to forget about the dish because we wanted to leave and didn't want to pay for it so we just asked for the check without the dish.  I left the restaurant without eating.  Again, our Waiter was very apologetic and nice.
5 I can honestly say that I am not a huge fan of Cheesecake Factory but I am a fan of this specific location. I spend the day with my nieces, one that turned 21 and wanted to get her first alky drank. Wanted to choose a location near the beach to cool down from the hot valley weather and just relax, eat, have a couple of drinks and play in the water.This location was able to provide all of that in one stop. I do recommend making a reservation if coming to this location over the weekend. I had one made and upon arrival I saw so many people hanging outside of the establishment and was overwhelmed how many cars were parked in the valet area. We arrived just before our reservation time, had to wait about 5-10mins before seated to our table. Overall we had a great dining experience and my niece enjoyed her drinks. After lunch we stepped outside to walk through Mother's beach which is just on the other side of the walk way.Parking: ValetVERDICT: Rinse and repeat
4 Nathan is the man! He really helped me out a ton & is so sweet. If you swing by be sure to give him a high five & tip well. Eric is outstanding!!! Truly provides first class service. He has wonderful communication great I've thinking skills and is a problem solver with a wonderful, professional, calming energy. Their food is amazing!!! Ps don't make the same mistake as me and almost miss kitchen close off 30 minutes before closing time. Their Buffalo blasts, sweet corn tamale cakes, spicy tuna, and egg roll sampler is the best!'
2 Odd booth seating! It's like sharing your table with strangers because the patio diners are right up against the window near you. The food is overpriced,  food was cold, dirty utensils,  fries were cold and tasted awful....$8. to park. Won't be going back.
2 The day I visited this location in the Marina, the women's rest room was out of order! No place to wash your hands before dinning I only wanted cheese cake, so I made a to go purchase of four different flavor slices.  This was the worse tasting and the smallest pieces of cheese cake! What I paid for one slice was ridiculous.  I came home and made a whole 9" cake myself with love for the same price I paid for one of their excuses of a cheese cake.  They really should change their name to "Nasty Over Priced Factory"
1 The Cheesecake Factory Marina del Rey is a  delicious way to enjoy a beautiful beachside meal! I always enjoy dining here. I invited my best friend here for lunch just yesterday, as it's only a five minute drive away and/or it's also fun to walk there! He enjoyed the experience as well.Location & Decor: Stunning beach views from the umbrella-filled patio, as well as the same view inside of the restaurant at certain tables! Beachy cabanas, with an option to sit by a fire pit while dining! I've dined and enjoyed all of the above!Avocado Eggrolls/shared: Hands-down my absolute favorite, including the delicious & tangy green dipping sauce! I always order this dish & sometimes as a complete meal! Our order yesterday:Bread/shared: Award-winning brown bread that tastes a bit like chocolate to me! Love it!Jamaican Black Pepper Shrimp/shared: The presentation is mouthwatering & the flavor of the saucy shrimp is a well-seasoned party for your taste buds, while the marinated pineapple is a punch of flavor & suddenly, the rice & beans are a great way to balance out the flavor. The plantains are quite the tasty & sweet addition!Bistro Shrimp Pasta/shared: We selected penne instead. The crispy battered shrimp was a delicious standout part of the meal, mixed with the garlic-lemon-basil creamy sauce turned this into a full-on favorite of this dish, quite a combo! Yum!Banana Cream Cheesecake/shared: Absolutely delicious! Writing about it makes me want more! Customer Service: Our server, Journey, was so sweet & incredibly attentive! When we asked for help on narrowing down four cheesecakes to one, as well as to surprise us, Journey went above and beyond! Journey consulted with other staff members & surprised us by selecting the banana cheesecake, which we absolutely loved!Leftovers/shared: Large portions; plenty of leftovers. Later that evening, when a friend in town for a while from Italy came over to visit, she & I enjoyed the leftovers, Venice Beach-side this time & still had leftovers! Haha! Parking: $5 Valet or you can always park yourself, which we chose, which is still $5. Your choice!Overall: Beautiful beach location, mouthwatering dishes and top of the line customer service, keeps me coming back!
4 Very disappointed that I paid $15 for burnt fried shrimp that I had to immediately throw away. I posted the advertised pic of what looks like delicious crispy shrimp with juicy aioli.. instead the next pic shows that I got the reject batch from the bottom of the fryer and zero aioli. I don't know how something can be so greasy yet so dry.. but they achieved it. Absolutely disgusting and had to throw it in the garbage before I threw up. Waste of money. Why Cheesecake Factory... WHY?!?!
4 Good food, nice coast/marina views.  We enjoyed the ambience and the food. Would recommend to anyone wanting a beach setting dinner.
4 This location has the worst curbside service. I ordered online. When I got there, no where to park for curbside. Valet had me to keep moving my car. Only one valet guy was apologetic and says sorry the farmers market has been parking too on this lot. I call and Anthony picks up the phone and  transfers me to bakery and they never pick up after holding 5 minutes. I called back tell Anthony no one is picking up he transfer me again another 5 minutes on hold. I finally get a space and park and go inside and people coming inside ordering to go , order cheesecake and lots of orders to go on the counter. The young lady helps another person knowing I was there before her and  I then tell her I've been waiting for 15 minutes for curbside and she says sorry. She then ask my name and says "here is your order and hands it to me. This is the second time this has happened to me and I had to speak with the  manager last time, plus cancel my order. After a couple of months I got a gift card to cheesecake factory for my birthday and I figured I'll give this location a try. Bad mistake I see. If you guys don't have help with curbside take it off your website and it should not be one person who is working curbside not able to answer phones in bakery dept. She is taking orders for bakery and curbside and no one to bring it out. There is a reason people order  curbside. For convenience, maybe you're disabled, have young children to attend etc. Lastly, the food was not even hot and the shrimp was soggy. Very dissatisfied customer. Do better!
4 Food is doable. I order a tiramisu and the bottom of the cake was kind of salty. It usually taste good. I prefer Olive Garden tiramisu.
4 This place used to be one of the best spots in Marina Del Rey. I went there today and what a disappointment. While the line was incredibly long, not sure why people are still coming here, we experienced almost two handful of issues:1- As you can see from the photos, the trash from the bathroom is everywhere even all the way to the host station ...2- The place is under staffed - we waited 15 min to get our waters and then another similar amount of time to get our order taken. 3- Back to the line: the outdoor area is still closed under utilized, why?4- Our order shows up late, and cold and missing.5. Even the bread showed up after the first appetizer was here. The bread is not warm like it used to be, it is soggy and tasteless6. Again service was horrible, under staffed - our waiter was doing his best.7- Main dish was ok, nothing crazy and again showed up cold.8- Last but not least the mandatory valet parking fee ($8 + tip) really?
2.5 It is the Cheesecake Factory what can you really review. Food, service and ambiance is always going to be a 2-3 star event. 3 stars if you are craving something and want this version of it. The service was very good and it was very pleasant.
4 Why can't things stay the same? The last time I got a caesar salad with shrimo, the shrimp were large and succulent. This time the shrimp were very small and didn't look like they were grilled. The lettuce was not light green and crisp; it was dark green like the tips of the lettuce, soft and not crisp. I well give them one more chance and then Im done with this place.
3.5 Sometimes you just gotta get takeout.  Had Joey in the car with me so called ahead and ordered, parked in the curbside service spots, walked Joey for 5 minutes, then called in and they brought out my order.Whatever you order from CF is enough for at least two meals.  I got the chicken caesar salad and the chicken madeira, which is the restaurant's most popular dish.This time the caesar salad was so good I ate it all!  It was covered in dressing which I usually don't like, but it was so tasty and had so much parmesan cheese, it was irresistible. I tasted the chicken madeira, which as usual was pretty heavy on the sauce and cheese, so I just drain it a little.  Took a few bites, put a few bites on top of Joey's dog food, and froze the rest.If you go early, when they open at 11.30, you can get in and out pretty fast. Otherwise, it's one of those places that's almost always mobbed.  And why not -- so many choices, and you can smell the sea air and watch the pretty people while you're there.A cool place in my hood.
3.5 I think I've been to every CF in Southern California but this is the one I come to most regularly.  It's right on the little bay at Marina del Rey, and you can sit on the elevated terrace and watch the kids play in the sand, and the boats in the water.  The inside is not so spiffy, but it's okay if the weather's bad.  They have heat lamps on the outside so hey, brave the cold!The menu is so huge that if you haven't been here before, it will take you awhile to figure out what you want.  You can have one of their fancy drinks while you're maneuvering the menu.Best appetizers in my opinion:  avocado eggrolls (if you like avocado) that comes with a delicious sweet dipping sauce, and sweet corn tamale cakes.  The most popular dish in the whole place is the Chicken Madeira, which is what I usually get.  It's way too big to finish (especially if you had the appetizers and snarfed down some of their great brown bread), so you can either share or take some home.  The chicken breasts (yes, two of them) are smothered in a buttery sauce and cheese, served on a huge bed of (red) mashed potatoes with a couple of asparagus underneath.  Just too yummy.They have all kinds of other chicken dishes, burgers, spa meals, Thai-type stuff, seafood, sandwiches, breakfast.  Just about anything you can think of, they have.  The Rock comes here, saw him sunning himself at one of the tables on the lower patio.Valet parking only.  Long waits on the weekend.  They give you a remote which buzzes when your table is ready.They also have curbside service. You call ahead, and then sail past the valets and park in the curbside service spaces, call in, and they bring your food out to you.
4 One of the most fun activities at a restaurant you can ever have is going through the HEFTY menu at Cheesecake Factory! It's a family favorite and where we went to celebrate our last week with my son before he left for home. Mostly because there's something for everyone and no matter if you've been there dozens of times there's always something new to try! Though I wish they would bring back the Fettuccine Alfredo with chicken and sun dried tomatoes which was my favorite pasta and the white pizza which was my favorite pizza....ANYWAY...we started off with great drinks and the incomparable service of Daniel one of the servers. He deserves a raise!! Not only was he knowledgeable about the food and drinks he also gave us pointers about the Timing of drinks and food service. He did note that it was super busy - basically, not enough wait staff because it was not crowded - he was as attentive as he could be and we appreciated it! We had the fried calamari-delicious, fresh and just the right amount of crunch-fried zucchini which were fresh and crunchy- the buffalo wings- my son's favorite- and different pastas and pizzas that were HUGE potions and delicious. We each brought home enough food for two meals each! CF is not cheap but it's worth it for the tasty meals, enormous portions and great service. Daniel was awesome- we hope to sit in his area if we are ever there when he is working. It was a perfect send off for my son!
4 We found a bolt screw in our friends pasta. The manager apologized and comped one meal
4 Elias is the main attraction for this cheesecake establishment. I always enjoy my time under his care and comfort. He is the ultimate waiter. He always recommends amazing dishes. He is quick to tell you the difference between feasts when you are undecided. He is a very warm and caring individual. If you go to this Cheescake Factory, ask to sit in his sections! He is amazing.We went today during the LA rains and sat in his section. I ordered the Miso Salmon with mashed potatoes. Very delish. I also tasted some of my daughter's Shepherd pie. It was very savory and delightful. The brussel sprouts were good and the dynamite shrimp were yummy!For dessert, I ordered the banana cheesecake with hot fudge on the side. Oh. My. Goodness!!!! Decadent, alluring, and thoroughly satisfying. I love this Cheesecake Factory because of the awesomeness of Elias. You should really try him out. Tip him beautifully...he has more than earned it!
5 I really like this Cheesecake Factory. They have award winning waiters like the phenomenal Elias and the strawberry lemonade is amazing! We went yesterday and I wasn't sure what to get. Our server Nicky suggested the steak tacos. I did not realize I had been sleeping on this delightful dish. Cilantro infused rice with black beans and four delectable semi crunchy tacos stuffed with thick, juicy pieces of steak. I mean stuffed!!!! It was garnished with salsa, guacamole and pickled onions and other stuff that tastes oh, so good! I couldn't even finish it all! Nicky was also accommodating enough to let me sample their housemate Sangria. Wow...it was tasty! Delicious notes of cinnamon and fruit throughout. I would've ordered a glass of I wasn't driving. Will get it next time. After our amazing lunch, we grabbed the black out cake and strawberry cheesecake to go. The blackout cake was decadent. Dark chocolate, fudge, dense and moist...like...the ultimate chocolate make everything better cake. Again, I didn't finish all of my cake. I gave it to my daughter who feverishly inhaled it. It was a huge slice of cake. We walked out to the beach and dipped out toes in the warm water afterwards. It is five dollars for valet (I was able to self park because I arrived before lunch crowd and it is cheap compared to other beachside parking lots) It was a pleasant way to end a fabulous lunch. This is definitely a place to go for whatever you fancy. They can accommodate and everyone is very attentive. My glass of strawberry lemonade never got empty because they were so on top of things. I even took the time to thank them via the online feedback from my receipt and got myself 5 bucks to use again...please trust...it will be used on my return trip. Ever wanna contemplate life, cheer someone up or stabilize your mood and fill your belly with delicious food...go and eat on the deck and just be. They will take care of all the rest.
2 I enjoyed this location immensely.  We had Elias as a waiter and his service was beyond amazing.  I made sure to let the manager know how impressed we were with him and I was informed they named the  waiter of the year award after him because he is THE BEST.  HUGE menu,  I didn't  know what i wanted.  Elias made a recommendation after my Spanish Inquisition of the chicken enchiladas. Loved it! Lovely views,  excellent service,  great food.  Will dine at this location more frequently. I suggest everyone sit in Elias's section so they know what exemplary service feels like!!!!!
5 I reserved a table at the restaurant four days ahead, specifying that I would have a 2-month-old infant with me. Nevertheless, we were placed in what could be considered the noisiest part of the establishment, next to the dishwashing station and right under a speaker, where the noise level hit 82 dB as per my Apple Watch's reading. We kindly asked for the music to be turned down, and while the manager initially obliged, the volume was turned back up soon after. Our request to move to a different, empty table was also ignored. Bringing up our concerns to the manager resulted in only a simple apology without any effective resolution, forcing us to leave earlier than planned due to the unsatisfactory experience.
5 I've been eating at this Cheesecake Factory for years. It's a great location with a waterfront view of the Marina. The food is pretty decent. With an extensive menu it's easy for everyone to find something they like. The avocado rolls are heavenly, as is their cheesecake. Service is usually pretty good here. Recently came for my sister's birthday and we had a large party. It's hard with big groups, as I'm sure the servers get overwhelmed with requests, etc... but our waitress Quiana was so patient with us and extremely attentive. She made sure we had what we needed and kept checking back in on us. Made the whole experience that much better. The only reason I give 4 stars to this location is because the wait is usually ridiculously long in the evenings. It can be a 1.5-2 hour wait depending on when you come. Either way I'll definitely be returning. Thanks Quiana and the Cheesecake Factory team!
4 I love the Cheesecake Factory. The food is delicious, and they sure have a variety. It can get pretty busy, but I m yself have never had to wait that long. I love that they have patio seating overlooking the water. The heat lamps ensure you stay warm even on a chilly night. The staff is friendly and helpful. Once you order, food comes fairly quickly. The appetizers are amazing. They have a sashimi platter that's really good.. and of course the avocado eggrolls and artichoke dip are BOMBLICIOUS.. I don't have much of a sweet tooth but I do love their hot chocolate and cheesecake. My favorite is the pumpkin cheesecake (seasonal, I believe) and the strawberry cheesecake.. YUM!  They also have a nice bar and delicious mixed drinks.Kinda pricy I guess but worth it sometimes for a nice date or outing with friends :)
3 Made a same day reservation for a party of 5 with no problem. We were a snippet late but was able to be seated right away. We wanted to sit outside but was told there wasn't enough servers out there but we could sit at the window. We understand and sat down where we were told. However, I noticed the party that stood behind us in line was escorted right outside to the patio and the family after them. We literally sat there and watched as they brought one family/party after another filling up the entire area. We mentioned it to our waiter but she said she didn't know and wasn't sure. So we left it at that. The food was good. I took awhile but it was late lunch dinner time so it was expected. I ordered the Korean Cauliflower and a salad. Great portion size.
3 The restaurant was to be busy as expected on the 4th, but it was definitely a mess. Specially the ladies  restrooms. The Mgr. was notified a few times as well as some employees. There was no paper in the stalls or out the stalls. You had to go get napkins to use from in the restaurant. People were complaining in line while waiting  on how nasty it was and only one stall was available to use. It's unfortunate you pay $30.00 for valet parking to visit the restaurant and spend more money to eat just for the entire restaurant to be a mess.
4 Where do I start... Our waitress was sweet, but our dining experience was terrible. We were initially seated after about a 20 minute wait. Once we got settled in, we were told we had to move because the host mistakenly sat us at the wrong table. But, they did not have another table ready for us. So, me, my husband, and our two kids had to wait an additional 15 extra mins to be seated again. All while watching other people who arrived after us, get seated before us. After bringing this to their attention, they sat us at a "temporary" table in the very back corner of the restaurant with only three seats. Again, there was 4 of us. We had to wait an additional 5 or so minutes for a high chair. We sat at the temporary makeshift table for around another 15 minutes, and then we were finally sat at our official table. Once settled, everything took forever. Our waitress was a sweetheart, but our drinks were barely refilled, it took about 30 minutes to get our food, and it even took extremely long to get our check. We are regulars at this Cheesecake Factory, but this was a terrible, terrible, TERRIBLE experience!
4 My husband and I just had the worst experience! The wait was 60 minutes, which was fine because it's Valentine's Day. But the issue started once we were seated. Our waiter was AWFUL! We had to constantly remind him to bring drinks and refills. It took over an hour for us to get our food. Mind you, all we ordered was a burger and a chicken dish. Not complex dishes at all!! So, we sat 60 plus minutes with no drinks while watching tables who were seated AFTER us being served their appetizers, main course, AND dessert!! Once we finally did receive our meals we could tell that our plates were reheated. The meat on both of our meals was tough and my burger patty looked like a shriveled little piece of beef jerky!! In fact, the patty was smaller than the bottom bun!! We are regulars at the Cheesecake Factory, and never have experienced anything close to this. But after tonight, we will definitely not be returning!!
2 This review is of the Eggs Benedict from the Marina Del Rey location of the Cheesecake Factory.I had recently had 2 great lunch time experiences at this location and saw they offered Eggs Benedict on the weekend so I decided to come on Sunday and try them.Let's start with the side dish. Only potatos offered. Asked if there was any options other than potatos. Reply sliced tomatoes. Seriously not even fruit as an option.I ordered the potatos.What I received was potatos with the texture of having been deep fried and very over seasoned. The salt was so strong I was forced to use the ketchup to counter the heavy seasoning and over saltiness. It was do salty that you needed several glasses of ice tea to keep from gagging. Now for the eggs Benedict review. I love eggs Benedict and go out of my way for a great dish.Unfortunately this was not going to be my experience  at the Marina Del Rey Cheesecake Factory.The eggs were undercooked to the point the egg whites were watery translucent typical of an undercook poached egg. The Canadian bacon was dry and over cooked pluse they used 2 slices per muffin. This resulted in struggling to cut through 2 of the tough dry slices. The muffins that were used were thin and flavorless kinda like the cheap ones from Ralph's market generic brand.As for the Hollandaise sauce it was acceptable but was too overwhelmed with lemon.To say the least I was ver disappointed with breakfast from this location.If you want great eggs Benedict then you have to try off street cafe in Ceritos. Consistantly great. Just not close to where I live. This was the reason I gave Cheese Cake Factory in Marina Del Rey a chance.
5 Went there or a late afternoon lunch today around 4p. The place was incredibly packed so we decided to grab a small table in the bar rather than wait 45 minutes to be seated. Our food was fine, prices were a bit high, our waiter was great. I've always like Cheesecake Factory BUT have to say this one in MDR is the worst one I've ever been to. The noise level (4p on a Sunday) was so ridiculously high we almost decided to leave before ordering. We had a long day and were both famished so we decided to stay. The restaurant itself was in need of a thorough cleaning, I'm guessing with the chaos this was a low priority. Lastly, I gave valet $5 for parking my car 10 feet away from me and the attendant rudely told me the cost for valet is $8.50. I asked where it was posted that valet charges $8.50, he said it's not posted, but that's how much it cost. I asked him if he would ever order food from a menu that did not have prices listed and he said no, of course not. I responded, EXACTLY!!! We're both foodies, post actively on social media, will never return to this location nor recommend it.
1 Attention all cheesecake connoisseurs and burger lovers! If you haven't been to the Cheesecake Factory in Marina del Rey for their Happy Hour, you're missing out on life's greatest pleasures.Let's start with the cheeseburger, which is an absolute steal at just $10. With juicy and substantive double patties and caramelized onions on top, it's like biting into a slice of heaven. I swear, the burger is so good, it could cure world hunger. Or maybe I'm just hungry right now. Either way, it's a great deal.But let's not forget the real reason we all come to the Cheesecake Factory - the cheesecake! Everyone has their own opinions on the best flavor, but if you ask me, you can't go wrong with the key lime cheesecake. The tart lime flavor complements the creaminess of the cheesecake perfectly, like a match made in dessert heaven. It's so good, I almost wanted to propose to it. But I don't think my significant other would be too thrilled about that.Overall, the Cheesecake Factory in Marina del Rey is a Happy Hour paradise. Great food, great prices, and great cheesecake - what more could you want? So grab a friend (or a few), and head on over for a burger and some key lime cheesecake. You won't regret it.
5 I usually don't like to leave bad reviews, but last night my husband and I decided to go have a dinner at Cheesecake Factory. However, the service was very disappointing. After we ordered our food we waited almost an hour the said because they were making our  meat balls from scratch (not true) my pasta was cold, when I asked for chilli flakes and oregano, waitress never came back with it neither apologized for the wait. She just came back to drop off our bill. Overall very disappointed as I was very excited to go on a date there with my husband.
4 I went to this location on a Friday night to celebrate my sister's birthday. Thank goodness we had a reservation, otherwise we would've waited 2 hours. We sat outside and it was a lovely evening, temperature wise. The food was good as always and the drinks. The only thing is, I don't think people should be charged to self-park if they're not doing valet.
2 I have been to many locations around America and was impressed by this one. Although I was not initially aware of the $8 parking fee, the service was fast and the food was amazing, especially hot which I love. I am a huge cheesecake fan and go frequently. I have been disappointed in some locations, but again, I was pleasantly surprised from this one in particular. Great views of the water, and saw they also had nice outside seating with fireplaces. Although, after we finished our appetizers we still hadn't received our drinks, as well as bread. I reminded the waiter and they were there shortly. Not too big of a deal but that was the only cons.
1 Checked in 5:45 - was told 1-2 wait max Reached the 2 hour wait- now told me to wait ANOTHER hour and it's a "Maybe" chance that it will be an hour so my party might wait more.The manager was unprofessional, didn't provide us any adequate options. Said he "messed up" on his end. I asked for a discount that I'm waiting for the third hour and he said no. He was super rude and unprofessional. He said he has to focus on other guests but my party is also guests. I don't appreciate his service Manager name is: Manuel DONT EVER GO HERE!!!!
4 We went to Cheesecake for my birthday tonight. Today at 1:25PM my boyfriend calls and asks if it's okay to bring 8 people, and a woman says,"yup no problem!" When we check in, the front says, "it's be an hour and a half" ...even though we made a reservation. I ask to speak to the manager.The manager Michael comes out and I explain the situation, and he refutes that "that didn't happen no one here would say 8 people is okay. That didn't happen." Sooo you're calling my bf and I liars?? Please see the attached screen shot from today Michael. Perhaps you should retrain your staff? Or have someone with better customer service skills do it. Oh - and while I was waiting on Michael, a man came up to the desk and asked to pay because his table waited over 40 minutes and hadn't seen their waiter. Then we pay $8 per car just for the 25 minute nightmare that was hearing they actually wouldn't honor our reservation. The valet is like, "if you get Michael to come out and tell us then we can waive the fee."  It took too much time to even get Michael to talk to me at the hostess stand (he must've been with the aforementioned man's waiter) so we paid the $32 to just get the heck out of there
4 This location is fantastic in terms of The Factory. Buffalo wings were good 4/5 Food portions are enormous - almost too big. Drinks are decent. Margarita was very sweet - but then again it is a Cheesecake Factory. Nice view. Decent service. The line is always huge... be warned
4 I had been to this Cheesecake Factory before and wrote a detailed review about what a dreadful place this restaurant had become. Well, a lot of time had passed since my last visit there that I decided to give them another try in hopes that things had improved. Well, they not only HAVE NOT IMPROVED, THEY HAVE GOTTEN WORSE. I approached their manager and expressed my concerns and I was brushed aside and marginalized as my concerns went in one ear and out of the other, without, recourse. My complaint: I was sitting next to a server station where I overheard the most vile and reprehensible language among co-workers talking about other coworkers, as well as about customers and what %*^#* they are as well as what I thought were two coworkers that seem to have been dating, had broken up and were arguing with one another.All in all, what an unpleasant way to spend a few hours trying to enjoy myself over lunch when I ended up wasting my $100 and the good mood I was in before having to listen to all of that vile language in that vile and negative environment.
4 Today our visit started out rocky. Very crowded today. We sat one of the bar tables. We did not get acknowledged at all by our assigned waiter for over 10 plus minutes . But let me tell you his relief break backup was phenomenal. His name was Eilon. Best waiter  at Cheesecake factory hands down. Eilon need to be promoted he definitely got the juice!
4 The service was great, there were 4 of us, they sat us inside because it was too chilly, the food did not disappoint, it was all delicious. Our drinks were delicious. The ambiance was good, not too loud. We will definitely return. Parking was easy.
2.5 We ordered Spaghetti meat ball and chicken basil pasta the meat was great but the pasta was flat no taste wasn't marinated or mixed with tomato sauce The chicken basil came so late the chicken was uncooked the pasta was ok The server was nice she took the basil out of the check The restroom was dirty and out of order and no paper to dry your hands Been here three times this time was the worse!I hope they realize how this could effect their business and relationship with people
4 Honestly the worst service I've ever experienced in a restaurant. I walked into the restaurant with my dog (service animal) right away the front desk said the dog wasn't allowed. I told him that my dog was a service dog and showed him his ID. As soon as the manager saw the ID I was told that he wasn't allowed to check his ID. If he is not allowed to check the ID how they gonna allow people with service dogs? Then he said my dog wasn't wearing the vest. My dog wasn't wearing the vest because he was playing at the beach before. The vest can easily be bought online it's a piece of clothing. So for the manager a piece of clothing has more value than a ID issued after a dog being trained. I don't even have to say my dogs breed... one more time pitbull discrimination. After the frustration he let us sit. First of all it's not about the dog it's about the person if something had happened to me the dog is trained to do his job. I don't care if u don't like my dog! It's about human health. After all the inconvenience we got a table. To finish this terrible experience I left my wallet at the vallet. I called the restaurant because the valet had no phone to be reached. I was told my wallet wasn't there. I asked the guy to please ask the valet if my wallet was there and my answer was: I can't I'm busy. The valet is right in front of him. Ofc he wasn't trying to help so I explained him that I have a medical condition ( that's why the service dog) and my medical prescription was inside my wallet. Plus my wallet was last seen at the valet so if it wasn't there I was gonna cancel all my cards and get new ID's. He said he would ask and call me back. NEVER DID. I call again and he said that he asked but nothing was found. He said he was going to call if someone returns it. He didn't call so I called one more time and he said he was going to check. Left me waiting on the line for 15 min so I hang up and called again and he picks up right away which means that we wasn't checking anything. I was one hour away I had to drive back because i knew my wallet was there. AS SOON AS I GET THERE I ASK THE VALET IF HE FOUND MY WALLET AND HE SAID YES.  I go to he front desk ask the same guy where's my wallet and he says that they didn't find. I told him that the valet just told me he found my wallet and returned to them. He called his manager then she goes inside and... GUESS what!?? My wallet was there the ENTIRE time. If I had believed the guy on the phone I would have lost my wallet, my IDs, my medical prescription plus 200 cash. Extremely unprofessional, untrained team and rude. A lunch with my family that was supposed to be a good time was turned into a nightmare of stressful events. That's how they appreciate their costumers. Never again!
3.5 My family and I came here to celebrate my mom's birthday on Sunday. The overall evening was pleasant, however, i will explain the 3 star rating in just a moment. I haven't been to the cheesecake factory since 2016 and they have definitely improved since my last time here. I made a reservation through yelp on Saturday to guarantee to be seated as soon as we arrived. That was NOT the case. As we entered and checked in, the hostess asked for the name to which my mother told her my name. She proceeds to ask us do we want inside or outside. it was cold as hell so we said inside. the hostess then says "oh, i don't have an available table at the moment so it's going to be a little bit of a wait"... so we ask how long and she said about 10-15 minutes but hopefully sooner. what was the point of the reservation? red flag number one and -1 star. We finally get seated and our waitress comes over to ask for drinks of our choice. I'm not sure of her name but she had what seemed to be an Australian accent and she was very sweet and attentive the entire time! We order a spinach and artichoke dip to start and it was cold. My mother flagged down another waiter to see if he could simply reheat it so we can enjoy it hot like it's supposed to be. He took our dip and never came back lol. red flag number 2 and -1 star again. For the main course, I got the spicy rigatoni vodka which i shared with my mom and my brother got an impossible burger. The pasta was absolutely delicious! just the right amount of spice and everything else was nice. My brother seemed to enjoy his burger so the food was not the problem here whatsoever. The bread was also delicious and i forgot how damn delicious it was because I had to stop myself!! The last reason why I am giving it 3 stars is because I requested in my initial reservation to do whatever they do for birthdays for my mom. That was not accommodated so I had to awkwardly wait for my mom to go to the bathroom to flag our waitress down so she could accommodate the request. My mom was very happy with the birthday decorated cheesecake and the night was a success! The overall atmosphere was pleasant not too loud, a little crowded but to be expected since it is a popular eatery. I enjoyed myself and my time there despite those little hiccups and maybe next time I visit my experience will be better.This location is a solid 6.5/10!
3.5 Totally disappointed w this place. Ordered a Cobb salad for takeout n a slice of cheesecake n a drink Togo, came to 60 dollars. I prob wouldn't b complaining or writing a bad review but the salad was a joke. It literally looked like chopped up lettuce w a few tomatoes in it. It was missing the egg, bacon,  meat, blue cheese, etc no bullshit. Worst salad ever, n for the price total ripoff. Will not go back to this location ever. Plus they have valet parking which is I believe 8 dollars to just park ur car.....pass! Crazy ridiculous!
4 The Cheesecake Factory is our family go-to spot when we have guests or want to dine on a special occasion. There's always tons of choices and a diverse menu of selections.
5 Went here last night with my friend. Our server was cool and the food was amazing (we ordered the Elote) but the drinks were subpar. My friend ordered a raspberry lemondrop, and I ordered a strawberry infused margarita. But when I say the drinks tasted like mocktails. There was ZERO alcohol. So I asked our waiter what he would be able to do about our drinks and he said the bartender would recommend getting something like Casamigos so I could taste the alcohol. Which I find very interesting because if I'm going to pay for Casamigos I definitely don't want my drink tasting like a mocktail. All in all we ordered wine because we felt like we didn't want to be disappointed if the drinks weren't up to par. This is the second time I've experienced this I just wish the drinks were better.
3 First of all, the music was egregiously loud to the point where I  could not engage with my friend's conversation or enjoy my meal. Friends I had not seen in months might I add. I am extremely disappointed in this meal as I had been looking forward to it for quite a while.We had to ask our waiter three times to bring us new bread, and only got our basket refilled when we asked a different server. Everybody knows that the free bread is a pinnacle selling point of the Cheesecake Factory experience. To say that I am upset is an understatement.Our food was bland and not memorable and we were never asked by our server how it was or if she could bring us anything else. She ignored us the whole night, and took a n absurd amount of time to bring our drinks and food.Finally, the straw the broke the camel's back: the bill. One of our friends graciously brought a $100 gift card which we used on our total bill before splitting it between us. The server seemed a little confused when we asked to use the gift card before splitting the bill, but we did not think it would be a difficult request.After we deducted the $100 we asked to split the remaining $100 between the five of us. As two of us were paying with Apple Pay and one of us was paying in cash the sever asked us to come to the front with her. Befote leaving the table our server had taken two of our cards as well as the cash with her. Before we could confirm with her how we would like the payment to be split, she had deducted the cash from the payment and charged the two cards we had given her with the remaining price.After we told her that this was incorrect, and there were two more people with Apple Pay we had wanted to split the bill will she got extremely frazzled and said that she needed to ask for help from another worker. All the other workers completely disregarded us and laughed at our server. She was unable to reverse the payment and we had to pay incorrect amounts.From the horrible ambiance, to the immeorable food, and the devastating service, I would not reccomend this restaurant.
3 The Cheesecake Factory is a well-oiled corporate chain, yet generally has that neighborhood feel. I've been to lots of CF's throughout the region and it's very consistent and you know what you're going to get:1) good food2) large portions3) reasonable value 4) great service5) a menu with several options to please your palate and cravings6) longer wait times during peak hours. What's great about this location, that draws so much attention and business, is it's right off of Mother's Beach in MDR and we come here a few times a year because we live in the area. On this particular visit, we had lunner (late lunch/early dinner) and sat in the bar area because they were unusually busy at 3pm on a Wednesday. We both knew we wanted fish tacos. However, once I noticed a "newer menu item" of Cauliflower Tacos, we were sold and decided to split an order of grilled fish  & cauliflower tacos. And it turned out to be an excellent decision because both were outstanding, and all the flavors and ingredients pared & married well together. They also have an excellent & creative way of serving the (4) tacos in individual metal holders, to make it easier to indulge without making a mess, and keeps all the tacos perfectly in place. When we left to walk home, I even saw one of the chefs in the parking lot and complimented him about our meal. He was very appreciative and mentioned to us that he too thinks the addition of the cauliflower tacos to the menu was a wise choice. Only issue with our meal was the rice & beans were served cold as if they were sitting out out for a while?? Nonetheless, our server/waiter, John, who was/is fantastic, not only addressed the situation with the kitchen, he immediately brought out a piping hot replacement, and both were executed perfectly. My only other grip is: the hostess staff is not very friendly (as I've seen lots of other reviews) and when it's busy they can't seem to handle themselves in an appropriate and professional manner. I am very understanding when it comes to the hospitality industry but management & corporate really needs to address this. Because first impressions are everything, and it seems as though you have a bunch of kids and young adults incapable of providing better customer service. In particular, the young man with dark hair. Perhaps on my next visit, some of the kinks will be ironed out, and will inspire me to change my review to 5 stars.
5 For going out for an event like a birthday or celebration this place is the one. It has the best views and a place to walk around after. The menu is so vast it has something for everyone, but I cannot comment on the quality of all the food being the same. New seasonal dishes seem to be made with expertise, but your regular fried shrimp order could come in a little dry, nevertheless, the whole dining experience is a fine one and the price you are getting to something that comes close is a really good one. Cheesecakes are what these people cannot do wrong. Order your favorite and enjoy. Service is pretty quick most times, in the daytime, there seems to be a senior special, and service might be a little lacking due to the place being overrun by the elderly and families. In the evening, service is quick and attention to your table immaculate. I have been to this location 3 times in a 2 month span for birthdays and am basing my review on the sum of my 3 visits.
1 Came here for a late night dessert because it was super close to our hotel! My family loves the Lindas Fudge Cake...kind of strange given the restaurant is called Cheesecake Factory but it is truly one of the best cakes I have had to date! We ordered a slice to go, and it ended up taking close to 15 minutes just to get the slice (of premade cake mind you!) I will say that they were slammed, even at 10pm, so it might have just been a hectic day for them which I can understand but still...15 mins for a pre packaged cake?! The cake was the BOMB! It is so moist and decadent with fudge frosting and chocolate chips lining the rim. I highly suggest you try out this cake next time you are near a Cheesecake Factory. It is easily one of the best creations on the planet!!
3 1. Food is good, on brand with CCF2. Place is way too crowded, service is slow and haphazard. Wrong items served having to wait another 20 minutes for the right item... rest of food got cold. No offer for refills. Salad served without dressing, waiter no where in sight to ask for the things you need. Just off, way off. 3. Waiter is kind but forgetful and slow. They need help4. Super disappointed, not the best CCF experience by far5. Reservations and still had to wait more than 20 minutes for a table. 6. Sat at our table 10 minutes before our waiter came to offer water and introduce himself. Not sure what's going on here.
3 On February 8th 2023 I took my girl to eat at the marina del ray location I called prior to my arrival asking if they can refrigerate a birthday cake the hostess said yes. I was greeted with a attitude from the hostess I then asked if she could hold the cake for me she rolled her eyes and said your waiter will take care of it , she then walked us to our table in the patio where I couldn't pull my seat out because of the umbrellas that were outside against the table so I sat sideways to eat dinner. The waiter rushed us to order I let it go thinking he might have a few tables inside the appetizers came I ordered dynamite shrimp I asked the waiter for a extra sauce which I never got. He didn't check on us. Finally our food came i ordered the Cajun jambalaya as I'm eating my food the I noticed the pasta was over cooked I told my server and he brought the manager to our table. The manager explained to me that the pasta was supposed to be like that. I told him no it's not but thank you.  Over all the service for her celebration wasn't what I was going for. Kinda felt like the 120 I spent was a uncomfortable spend. Please do better
1 The last time I was here was a zillion years ago and I thought what the heck let's go! Seriously nothing has changed decor wise...it's a real throwback to the 80s or 90s....needs a bit of updating  but that said, we had a great time here. It is imperative to make reservations in advance, we did on Yelp and that made all the difference! There are just too many people here at once and the encyclopedia style menu is too long. The service was better than average and very friendly. The cocktails were terrific and the appetizers and food came as instructed with just a little mixup on the fries which was corrected immediately, no biggie! I have to say I was impressed with how well managed this place was considering the size and variety of food offered.Everything was delicious, large portions and the cheesecake was a great ending! We will definitely return here sometime.
4 The patio is the reason for going here. The food is generally above average. We ordered a cheesecake slice to go and was disappointed - the slice was super tiny.Also I probably won't be back again cause I dispise having to pay for valet (their only parking option)
5 This is for the Cheesecake Factory at 4142 Via Marina, Marina Del Rey, CA 90292. First you have to pay for parking if you valet or not. The atmosphere is your typical Cheesecake Factory with the perk of being on the water. Now to the service, it was disappointing.  We had a table for seven and the food came out separately and it was lukewarm after waiting 1.5 hours. We tried to speak to a manger and he shooed us away to another one.  This one seemed quick to get us out of the restaurant.  He offered to pay for cheesecakes but only gave us 4 and still charged one of them. Oh did I forget to mention we had to wait an additional 15 min for cheesecakes...they are already made!!!  For a "high-end" area I expected better service.
4 I don't like to write bad reviews, especially because everyone loves Cheesecake's bread baskets. You can rarely go wrong with the bread baskets. But... today was a bad experience at the Cheesecake Factory. The service was pretty bad from several of their employees, and our waitress was rude. We didn't receive the appetizer we ordered until halfway through our entrees. The chicken in my chicken fettuccine alfredo wasn't cooked properly and parts of the pasta were still hard. The server never came to ask if the food was right, and she rudely asked if we had chosen a cheesecake. It just wasn't the ambiance we expected after having celebrated many important anniversaries there. I've grown up going to Mother's beach and this restaurant has always been a staple location for going out to eat. I feel like the graduating class of 2024 might've crashed their staff's abilities because it was worrisome from the host stand all the way up until we got our check.
3 Excellent happy hour menu choices, reasonable pricing, nice portion size and good service.  Enjoyed sitting on tall stools.
4 The most ridiculous place I've ever beenSelf Parking $8 Parking Lot empty First and last time I go to that place
4 A client relations specialist called me and said they will rectify my concerns. I trust they will.
4 Simply gross. And to think... do the employees and the management even wash their hands? I'm going to call the the Health Department.
4 I came back to the Cheesecake Factory and I tried to give them a second chance - I truly tried to forgive myself from my previous, Awful dinning experience there... a 1 Star experience at best. Regretfully, I wish I could go lower than 1 Star now that I've been there a second time. This place is simply overpriced, has average to bad food, a totally unappealing and unaffordable Happy Hour... All with their self indulgent interest in that they rely on because of their corporate reputation as being so famous. I'm done. No more. Goodbye Cheesecake Factory. Never again.
4 While my very nice and well-intending never never charged me for it because I complained, The Cheesecake Factory in Marina Del Rey has a policy to charge .25 per blue cheese olive they serve with Martinis. Really? Typical Cheesecake Factory corporate B.S.  CHEEP!!!
2.5 Food was decent! As usual, huge portions and tasty! Wonderful service from our server, who was super friendly, kind, and helpful. Mostly really disappointed by the valet service who outright lied about the parking in the lot just a few steps away which was $2/hr instead of 8...to multiple people in our party, after we explicitly asked!! So it wasn't even a lie of omission...That's just messed up and really not cool and left a bad taste in our mouth. Boo y'all. It was also quite cold in there for dinner so be prepared. We were glad to leave--even the evening fall temperature outside was a welcome change.
4 Beautiful outdoor seating right next to the ocean. Are server was nice the bread basket they give never disappoints. Come for the food but stay for the dessert
3.5 My sister booked a table at the restaurant four days in advance and made sure to mention that I would be bringing along a 2-month-old baby. Despite this, we were seated at arguably the loudest spot in the restaurant, right next to the dishwashing area and directly beneath a speaker, with noise levels reaching 82 dB as measured by my Apple Watch. We politely requested a reduction in the music volume, and although the manager briefly complied, the original volume was restored shortly after. Furthermore, our appeal to be relocated to another vacant table was disregarded. When we addressed our concerns with the manager, we received a mere apology but no practical solution, leading us to cut our visit short due to the disappointing experience.
3.5 Food, Service and ambiance is always wonderful at this location in Marina Del Rey! You can sit on the upstairs patio and enjoy the view of the boats and beach!
4 I placed a call in order at the Cheesecake Factory in marina del Rey on Sunday 4/23/23  My order was miso salmon blackened and sauce on the side. This is my second order. The first was like slop and I took it back. Oh by the way it was James and Andrea that took my $60 order. Look at this salmon. It was just sprinkled with blacken seasoning and look at the other side. I would not feed my animal this. Why is the kitchen putting out food like this!!!
3 Its the end of the road for me and The Cheesecake Factory.  Went with my daughter and my mom for a girls outing.  Decided to get appetizers to share.  Poke Nachos - the poke was brown.  Sent it back.  They use balsamic vinegar on a cobb salad.  Never heard of that.   The vinegar made the salad look brown and old.  We left it.  The calamari had zero flavor (this used to be my favorite).  And the egg roll sampler also wasn't good.  They for some reason removed the chicken samosas from the menu.  :(  My Mai Tai tasted like fruit punch.   You couldn't even taste the rum.  $110 in the trash.  Thanks for the memories.  But for now its So Long!!
1 Always good food and great service. Love this place.  This is a definite for me every time I visit the USA.
1 I have eaten at several cheesecake factories.The Marina Del Rey one has gone down hill.Hamburger served childrens size vs same one at the Groove.Fish and chips smaller dried out vs. at the Groove.French Fries soggy vs at the Groove.I will never eat there again.
5 No surprise that when I came here to write a review, that they were 2.9 stars.  The internal hospitality was fine, nothing extraordinary, nothing terrible.  The food was mediocre.I would have given a 3 star rating if that was the end of it, or likely just not done anything.However, the valet forgot to give me my key fob when I left though (and I recognize I'm an idiot for not realizing it), and when I arrived at my hotel, I couldn't start my car again.  I called the restaurant thinking they would just send someone over with it ... but instead, the manager; "Manny" said that he asked the valet, who he repeated several times was an "Independent Contractor", they said they couldn't find my key fob.  He wanted to give me their number to deal with them directly.  My contention is, I spent $150 at the restaurant, and $8 with the valet ... the valet is there at the behest of the restaurant.  Years ago, when David Overton was directly involved in the company, this lack of hospitality would not have been tolerated, nor would have been the norm.  He was truly a great restaurateur, and would have likely driven over the keys himself ... and probably invited me back to apologize.Don't go here, it's a shell of what it used to be.
1 Date night and my first time at the Cheesecake Factory. I love it. The food was delicious. The service was great and sitting outside with the view of the marina was beautiful.
5 I came  here for Valentine's Day and couldn't have asked for a more relaxing and enjoyable experience. The food (breakfast) was good...if you come for breakfast you have to get the breakfast potatoes as a side option. Our server was so nice and personable. I'd have to say he was definitely a highlight of our experience. Seating was ideal for the required physical distancing restrictions. They really space everyone out and only allow a handful of tables to be occupied. You can't beat feeling like you have half of the outdoor patio to yourself with a breezy beachside view. This has been one of my favorite local dining locations for a good 20 years but my recent experience  deserved a review. Everything was spot on perfect. In case you don't already know, they don't take reservations and the wait depending on when you arrive can be long and even longer now due to restrictions. So, it's a good idea to call ahead and get a wait time estimate.
5 I booked a table at the restaurant four days in advance and made sure to mention that I would be bringing along a 2-month-old baby. Despite this, we were seated at arguably the loudest spot in the restaurant, right next to the dishwashing area and directly beneath a speaker, with noise levels reaching 82 dB as measured by my Apple Watch. We politely requested a reduction in the music volume, and although the manager briefly complied, the original volume was restored shortly after. Furthermore, our appeal to be relocated to another vacant table was disregarded. When we addressed our concerns with the manager, we received a mere apology but no practical solution, leading us to cut our visit short due to the disappointing experience.
2 We come to this Cheesecake Factory at least twice a month. Unfortunately on this occasion, my daughter was displeased with how her burger was cooked. We brought this to the attention of a manager we've never seen, Michael. He not only wanted to charge us forAnother, but sent another one more than 20 minutes later with a waiter who asked my daughter "is this one better?" And walked away. Hamburger with a slap of cheese that wasn't even melted. We brought this to his attention again, and was met with egregious attitude. And was still charged. We left. We will make sure to NEVER to come back on his shift.
1 Of course it's it's by the water, so it comes with an excellent view.  The drinks were awesome. Food was like any other cheesecake factory if you've been to one. I don't recall the waiter much
5 We spend $600 to $1,000 per month at this Cheesecake Factory between family & business visits or door dash delivery.Everything has always been good here, an especially good cheesecake factory branch, until today.Today was my 1 year old's birthday.We went online and tried to make a reservation for five adults and three children. On yelp, it did not let me do more than six people reservations at once. It did not tell me in any way that to make an 8 person reservation (even though one was one year old) we had to call. So I selected a 6 people reservation, and in the notes I wrote that we're going to be five adults and three children. The reservation was for 3:30 PM.When we arrived there at 3:30 PM, we were confronted by one of the worst restaurant managers I have ever encountered. He was passive aggressive, rude, demeaning, entitled, Egotistical , and his name was Michael  my friend and I felt that he wanted to even get aggressive with us. It felt like he wanted to mess with us on purpose. Maybe it was our accents maybe he didn't like our race I don't know ‍ he told us we have to wait 30 minutes. (Mind you we have three children, hungry, children, waiting.)After waiting a whole hour, I confronted him and asked him how he makes children wait for an hour, while in front of us he let in large parties with no wait.This POS had it out for us, he purposely wanted us to wait. After I confronted him, he was saying we should leave.Then we had a yelling match where I told him to go F himself. And he told us and the children to not come back.I used to be the GM of a few restaurants in Beverly Hills, no respectable institution will have such a person representing it to their clients. I would fire this horrible employee in a second. There is no placeFor employee ego trips in respectable restaurants.I cannot imagine under what circumstance anyone would hire such a low life as a manager. Michael created a scene in the middle of the restaurant for his bias and ego. We left and went to another restaurant.As long as this thing still works at this branch, we will never come here again. And we're going to make sure that every review outlet knows exactly how we were treated by this lowlife human being.
4 Nice peaceful restaurant near the marina, so aside from the good food there is an even better view! Evenings and weekends are often busy, but despite this the service does not lack and the food is provided in a timely manner which is greatly appreciated.
4 For those of that can't really have alcohol, Bri made me a sour/grenadine blended. I'm a kid in a candy shop! Thank you for helping a girl out!! Ariel and Bri, Magic at CF. Thank you for bringing the tropics to LA! You're both so kind!
4 The Beet and Avocado salad did not have avocado and one orange slice. We placed an online order so the bag was stapled closed. We did not see it until we opened the bag, here in Westchester. We need to be compensated for a partial salad. Please let me know when we Come back for a freshly prepared salad with all of its ingredients.
4 This location in Marina Del Rey is a personal favorite of mine, it's usually busy so I highly recommend reserving a table ahead of time. They tend to seat you pretty fast after you check in. For starters, we ordered the Tex Mex, and Avocado Egg Rolls, which were amazing or just to die for lol. The food is consistently delicious. My favorites: the filet mignon (med rare), with garlic mashed potatoes, over roasted asparagus spears in lightly seasoned lemon butter with parmesan cheese (yummy) or Fresh Grilled Salmon, Served with oh so delicious mashed potatoes and broccoli.Everything was so flavorful and came out in good timing. For dessert, Creamy Pumpkin Cheesecake Baked in a Graham Cracker Crust or Godiva Double Chocolate Cheesecake hits a sweet spot,One of our favorite servers (Britney or Jacob) are always on point! Overall, I definitely recommend giving the Cheesecake Factory in Marina Del Rey a shot. The ambiance is amazing, excellent bar, the service is top-notch, and the food is seriously delicious.
4 This place is "nostalgic" for me. I've been coming here for years. The 5-star review is legit for this particular establishment!It's exactly what you would expect-from the Cheesecake Factory - a big restaurant chain with an extensive verity of food menu and the quality is always consistent. I always get the either Cajun Jambalaya Pasta, or Miso Salmon. The portion is so big that I eat half and save the rest for a second meal. Additionally, there are "no" words to describe such an excellent team of staff. Starting with a GM Maria, to her assistant Amanda, then to a group of servers (Britney, Brian, Jacob, and rest of the marketable team) who are passionate about the work and what they do. I highly recommend this place for date nights and or if you just want to go out with friends and family.  It's perfect in every way...
2.5 This is probably the worst Cheesecake Factory I've been to, which is the shame, because the view is probably the best. I'm giving this CF a very generous 2 stars. I understand I may be critical, but the service and food really need to improve here, and I'm hoping that this review can least bit serve as a catalyst for improvement. Service: 2 out of 5As soon as we entered we were confused where to go, because the host desk is located deeper inside the restaurant. We got to the host desk and the host took a good moment to look up to realize we were even there standing, waiting to be addressed. We were patient, so we let that one slide. I had made a reservation online a few days in advance and we arrived about 15 minutes early. So, as our table was being set, the host suggested us to wait in the bar area, if we would like, and get a few drinks. We thought was a good plan and that's what we went in to do. We got to the bar, which is adjacent with the host desk. It was quite busy, so it took some time for the bartender to get to us. That was fine, but when he was helping us, he was short and did not give us the menu. I don't get it; shouldn't that be the first thing? Anyways, we ordered the drinks and sat at the bar tables, because the bar itself was pretty full. The same bartender comes to us and tells us that we can't order happy hour food (or food in general) at the bar tables, just at the bar area. I said, well, we mentioned we would be getting happy hour food while we wait for our table and there is no space at the bar, what do you suggest we do? He said he'd ask people at the bar to move so they can make space for us. We agreed and we sat at the bar. It was crowded and I think I elbowed the person sitting next to me. COVID-safety alert - there was none!Then, about 10 minutes later, our table was ready, which happens to be a booth in the bar area. Our server forgot to give us the main menu, so we sat there waiting 10 minutes for the menu and waiting to pin down someone who can help us. Then, our server introduced us to another server who will be helping us. This server was not able to answer any questions we had regarding the menu. We were understanding, because they may have been new to the job. Still, our questions were not answered, nor did this server go in to find the answers for us. I think that's the most basic thing one can do when they don't know something. OK. We let that slide, too. I mean, did we have a choice?Inattentiveness and poor communication seems to be the overarching theme to this CF. Do better, CF. I know you can. Food and Drinks: 1 out of 5We got a few items off the happy hour menu (e.g., chicken samosa, chicken taquitos, stuffed mushrooms, crispy Brussel sprouts, Skinny Cosmopolitan, Skinny Long Island), Tuscan chicken, some other cocktails, and the Godiva Cheesecake. All the food was sub-mediocre. It's probably the same at all the locations, but this happy hour was the most disappointing of them all. All the food tasted like they were frozen half an hour before they were served. The Brussel sprouts were bitter and rubbery. The stuffed mushrooms were soggy and droopy. The worst of them all? Icy chutney. Yes, the chutney was literally still ice. I kid you not, I nearly threw up in my mouth a little bit. When we brought it to the attention of the server, he seemed very confused and went inside to check on it. Close to us being done eating, he comes out with another chutney. Not frozen this time, but the temperature was icy cold. Come on, do they really get away with doing whatever they want? This can be a serious food safety violation. If something simple like this was an oversight, I can't even begin to think what else they may be doing they shouldn't be. Bottom line, prioritize food safety. On a similar note, they didn't even bring out our bread till WE asked THEM for it. Two times. They were so late in bringing out the bread that it was literally toward the end of out meal and they gave us a whole loaf to make up for it. I guess the good news here was we got to walk home with a loaf of bread we can have as leftovers.
4 Went last night with my girlfriend for a birthday dinner. Our server Brent was great, attentive, and made sure to check up on us. The food was what you come to expect from a chain restaurant like this but the portions are plentiful. Would come back, these bad reviews aren't accurate to this location in my opinion.
3.5 Maybe it is because their menu is so huge, or maybe they just have high turnover. Our last visit to Cheesecake Factory was not satisfactory, however, this time around we could not be happier. As I said the menu is huge. They have pretty much anything you want. From a vegan to a meat eater two lover of fresh desserts you will find something at the Cheesecake Factory.It was crowded on the evening we came, but the wait was not unbearable. Once seated a server was with us right away to get our drink order and we were able to order appetizers right then. When she returned we ordered our food and all of it was delivered promptly and hot.We especially enjoyed their chicken dishes, my husband had steak and it was cooked to perfection. They have a nice children's menu, which frankly, I would have loved to order from. Everything we had was tasty and their desserts were very good. Have a great time.
3.5 Desperate for something different during COVID 19, we decided to give the Cheesecake Factory a try again. That was a mistake. Eating there is okay, having things delivered or pick up to go is something I will never do again. It took forever, the food was cold and just a mess.They have a huge menu and you can get about anything you want. All of it is boring and blame. Now, with that said, I have not tried their cheesecake, so maybe it is great. I don't know. We had some Cajon shrimp and it was bland soaked with sauce and ever so greasy. Their burger was fine, but not close to the price they charged. The wait time is still absurd and I have to say if you are visiting from out of town go somewhere else.
4 The Cheesecake Factory is a chain--there is nothing new under the sun here.  The menu is large. The food is  good but over priced. This particular one in the Marina is always crowded-- The service is acceptable. The restaurant is loud. If you are on vacation go elsewhere. You will have more fun. But if you want a crowded place that is loud, with okay service, okay food (they do have a lot to choose from) and over priced fare, enjoy.
1 We came here for a late night dinner, and really enjoyed our time. We had the most amazing server named Daniel, and are very grateful for his service and food recommendations. He was very attentive the whole time and we even had a wonderful conversation. We were very lucky on this particular weekend that there was not a wait time to be seated. We will definitely be back.
5 Lots of selections here. I chose the Godiva cake and it was okay but nothing special.My main gripe was how we were treated here. My friend and i arrived earlier than other clients yet they were seated first and served first. My date was kind of well off but humble, but I cringed at how everyone treated us indifferently. We have more class than to argue about this in public so we didn't say anything. Also the upfront $6 dollar valet fee seems a bit ridiculous considering the place is supposed to be upscale.I live in Orange County and we have Cheesecake Factory here too. I don't recommend this marina del Rey location.
1 The cheesecake factory used to be a favorite of mine - years ago. My friend and I stopped by for a quick brunch on a Sunday and we left wishing we hadn't. They still have an extensive menu; it is overwhelming but there is something for everyone.The service was slow and the drinks were not very good. The location has a cute patio that is perfect for a summer afternoon or evening. They only allow service animals.
3 We have been to a lot of these establishments! The service, food and ambiance are on point at this location in the heart of Marina Del Rey. The atmosphere is exactly what you would expect from the Cheesecake Factory- chill, cozy, and warm. The staff especially (Maria, Amanda, Britney, & Brian) are very courteous, extremely nice, attentive and prompt.The Cheesecake Factory in Marina Del Rey offers a great dining experience with a diverse menu and delicious food. I always get the "Steak Diane".  it's amazingly delicious, served with creamy, fluffy, flavored -packed mashed potatoes, and green beans. The portion is so big that I eat half and save the rest for a second meal.And of course, you can't leave the Cheesecake Factory without trying one of their famous cheesecakes! If you're a "mango-maniac", you must try Mango Key Lime Cheesecake. Topped with Mango Mousse on a Vanilla Coconut Macaroon Crust. I've been coming here for years, and I am well overdue for a review. I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a delicious meal, some amazing cheesecake, and outstanding service, this is the place!
1 Upon arrival just make another that there is only valet Parking available I believe it was $7.00.  I was sitting in my car with my best friend and one of the Cooks came out front for his lunch break.  I took it upon myself to ask him which selections on the menu were his favorite and he suggested that we try the Habatchi Steak or honey fried chicken.  We ordered both selections and they both were damn good.
3 This Cheesecake Factory is nice. I was seated right away. I ordered the bang bang chicken and shrimp with white rice. It was a delicious dish. For dessert I ordered the Chocolate Hershey Cheesecake this is my favorite cheesecake because it taste so good. Very nice dining room and seating area. Good service here tonight. I would recommend this Cheesecake Factory!
3 Service was disappointing. We were seated in a timely manner and the view was amazing. Me and my gf had a great and romantic time with the view and arrangement. We had a server who was covering for our actual one and she was very sweet. Unfortunately when our real server came he payed us very little attention. When we got our food her order was missing the sauce. A whole pasta with no sauce. When we finally waved him down and told him he replying with "so what do you want me to do about it" "do you want me to bring a thing of just the sauce?" To which yes we were fine with compromising. But if we're going to spend $30 on a pasta can we at least have it done correctly and not settle? He was disappointing from then on and proceed to not see us again for another 40 mins till we finally waved him down for a desert menu and boxes. And than when we finally ordered desert to go he brought it out and he couldn't even be bothered to bring it up right! It was on its side and messy in the box and at this point we were over it. For the price your spending the way they treat you is so disappointing.
4 The food was excellent as usual. The service on the other hand, not so much. Not to be a "Karen" but we had dirty utensils! Check your utensils before you eat people! Lol. Had ordered coffee and brought the wrong drink, he didn't bring any coffee after asking about 3 times. When he took the cup, there was still coffee with milk so when he came back the coffee wasn't hot because he mixed it with the old coffee instead of give me us a fresh new cup of coffee. They didn't have any bread for us but other tables did have some. Randall our waiter, didn't seem to take our order and requests at a timely manner, but would help others almost even twice I would see. He was friendly but still needs training I think on getting organized on who and how to help. We had given him a gift card #, left to get the receipt came back and didn't add the card to our bill. Lol. Ummm so he went back to fix it. Not a big deal, but little things like that that matter. Seems like they don't know what they are doing here lol. But the food was great for sure! So yummy!
4 Where do I begin. It starts with a beautiful setting for a iconic restaurant chain. Many Saturday nights were spent here with our families and friends. Group of 20, 30 people and I dont eeher there being any issue. Let me start by saying we know what to expect. It's a Saturday night at 6pm and its gonna be busy. An hour wait is to be expected. Its the temperment of the hostess that is off. Snark rude response. Yea lady its a family restaurant so be nice at least. After and hour and a half of waiting she tells us we have to sit at separate tables for a party of 10. Like seriously!! The start of the evening wasn't so grand. Let me get to the food and service. The waitress was great. Usually the service is good and this was no exception. I can't imagine how hard the servers have to work and they deserve their 20%. Ordered the menu. Nachos, Tex mex, artichoke dip, sliders. All were as expected and good. For wtv reason all of the appetizers and main dishes came out together after ordering. I guess you can't expect too much here but I know there's systems in place to handle large parties. Again not the waitress fault it's a management issue. It seems that there's just not enough budgeting for staff and oversight. It is what it is. Inhaled our food and dinner and obviously there wasn't enough food at the table since they crammed 10 people in seating for 8. Needless to say I love it here but I won't be back with a large party ever again. Too bad I have some fond memories but it's just not worth the headache. Hopefully they can restructure the service and start catering to their clientele.
4 A great restaurant with high quality food and a top end staff. It's the best of the best! No one can compete with the ambiance of this eatery!  Roberta Knopf
1 The food was fine. Ron our server was fantastic. The screeching child for the full 40 minutes we were in there was enough to make the kindest person lose it. Our entire meal was ruined with the screeching, I mentioned it to Ron and he said I wasn't alone that the servers were all losing their mind over this child that was running rampant and screaming at the top of its lungs. Is it dangerous you betcha! I resent having my entire meal ruined. Ron was very happy to send the manager over because apparently the management at that corporate restaurant is completely inept. We didn't have a very expensive bill and I didn't expect anything and I'm glad I didn't expect anything because that's exactly what corporate manager Manny, who doesn't give a sh$t gave us.... it was absolutely the most ridiculous conversation where he did absolutely nothing except say "I'll keep my eye out." You don't have to keep your eye out. The child is screeching. if your eye was "out" this is the type of child that would poke it back in. I never blame the child. I blame the parents. In this case I'm not sure how a restaurant can take such a cavalier attitude . I'm spending money to enjoy myself with my 87-year-old mother and this is what we get.  I'm sure the corporation of the Cheesecake Factory will be very happy to know that he didn't even offer to comp our one piece of cheesecake as a gesture of Goodwill. I'm pretty sure they trained him not to do anything. And in Manny, they got exactly their ideal man.
5 Ok, normally we have better service here, missed out on that last week. Wrong bottle of wine, took forever to mitigate, then, took so long for our orders to come out at 4:00 pm. Flank steak was cooked well, but flavor of sauce was bland, had to ask for Siracha. We took the original cheesecake home for dessert! OH NO!! Economy has hit the Cheesecake Factory! The best thing about the original Cheesecake WAS the crust, it is now so thin, it sadly tastes cheap. Hope they change it back, otherwise I will not be ordering ever again! So sad:(
5 Very Bad SLOW service and hectic . Food was terrible . great location however . I recommend just sitting on the deck and have drinks. It's a beautiful spot. Just terrible service.
5 Bar Tender "Bryan" has a personal drink called "Hennessy Side Car" and it's F@&king amazing !!
1 Server Eric, on the patio overlooking the beach, provided excellent service; took our orders without writing anything down and got everything right; brought out hot food; refilled beverages without a request; and had a great attitude with a smile to match (no we are not family). The food here is consistently excellent and the 'hot fudge' is actual 'hot fudge'; no chocolate sauce. We like to sit outside and pretend we are on a cruise.
4 Patio dining was great! Our server Eric was A+; food came out hot and as ordered, everything was delicious, recommend a hot fudge sundae even though it is the cheesecake factory.
4 The food had three hairs inside. Plus the service was horrible they kept on looking at my wife and made her feel uncomfortable. I would not recommend coming here.
4 The worst's service ever! Management Ryan and Nancy. Food cold appetizers came same time our food! Silverware dirty! Never come again yo this place! Family visiting from Kansas City reunion
4 Every time I come here thinking the service will be better and every time I leave wondering why I fooled myself into thinking so. Yet again tonight we had a table where half the people got their food while the rest of the table waited nearly 15 minutes to get theirs. Happened to multiple tables around us as well. I don't think it is the server's fault, just horrible management and a free for all in the kitchen with nobody paying attention. Do yourself a favor and find another restaurant where they actually care about their customers.
4 The absolute worst Cheesecake Factory in the US. And I have been to quite a few through out this country. Back in the day, this Marina Del Rey spot was the first restaurant I ever visited. Now? AWFUL! And what's with this 8-dollar valet parking? No draft beer. Bullshit! If they don't give this restaurant a significant facelift soon, you should put a folk in the franchise. ITS OVER.
2.5 HAIR IN THE FOOD!!! I wish I could give them a 0! Called, was put on hold for 10 minutes twice. Eventually spoke with Ryan (the Manager?) and was told that it was a Doordash issue...No, I think this a Cheesecake Factory issue! Still have NOT received a refund! Horrible Customer service!!!
4 This is the bad experience we had in New Year's Eve in this Location!!!As you see this picture, The Salmon suppose to be grilled but it was fried in the oil.The pasta and  shrimp was not the way that  was described in the menu not eatable.The rice was very mushy like mashed potatoes and tasteless needed tons of salt.We ruined our night to believe in advertising.
3.5 On Saturday, July 2, 2022 was my BirthdayMy adult children and grandchildren were all so excited to host my "Surprise" Birthday Dinner at The Cheesecake Factory, located in Marina Del Rey, CA.  There are simply "No Words" to share for all the "Joy & Happiness" that I (Birthday Girl) experienced with my Precious Family!  However,It must be known that  James (who assisted with  locating and reserving an outdoor patio table) did an "Outstanding" job on leading our party of 10-guests to the "Perfect " patio locationChris, our Waiter did an "Exceptional" job with taking accurate "food orders" from the menu.  Chris was so "Confident & Competent," and we "Tipped" accordingly!  Thanks for an "Incredible & Wonderful" experience!  Chris, took photo!...Lol...Also, Chefs the food was DELICIOUS!
3.5 I should have went to Killer Shrimp. I paid $8 for self parking. Waiting 15mins to be seated that wasn't too long with no reservation. Waited 25-30mins for our food. Kids were ready to eat. Chicken tenders were ok. Cajan Jambalaya looked amazing noodles were dry. I will keep this spot in mind for delicious desserts. I can do with out the food  Waiter was doing his best but not attentive. Three stars for the view
4 What could I say the food was great plates are big  proportion the line was an hour 30. They have a valet 7 dollars.  And 7 dollars parking.  Very busy place recommended reservations ahead of time.  Very good views . Open patio definitely will be back.
4 I've only ordered delivery and takeout from this location because it's always so packed. It hard to even make your way through the parking lot during dinner time. Hoping they take reservations someday because it's situated in the marina so has a great view of the boats. The food is good and consistent with other Cheesecake Factory locations.
4 I must have been the unluckiest person this day, because my experience at the marina del Rey Cheesecake Factory was awful. I have been a patron on this establishment for 20+ years, enjoying the food but yesterday's experience left me thinking that NOBODY at the marina del Rey store cares about anything. #1. My food took 70 minutes to come after my appetizer was delivered. Once delivered my steak Diane I ordered was clearly sitting under the heat lamp because there was a crust built up on top of my mashed potatoes, and my steak that I requested medium was clearly overdone. My waited came about 20 min later to ask how everything was. I showed him the entire plate. He said he will notify a manager. Michael the manager shows up 15-20 min later looks at the plate takes the plate and asks if I want a slice of cheesecake. I said I actually ordered an entire cheesecake to go at the front counter so no more cheesecake. He asks if I want another slice. WHAT THE HECK?? We're you even listening to me man??? He then says he will take my 2 drinks off the bill. So I'm ready to leave now. I have been waiting 10+ min to come to my table to ask me if I want to go boxes or even bring me the bill. Nobody came.My family got up. I saw Michael and I said should I leave or am I supposed to pay?? I said no boxes no bill. He apologized again and asked how I want to pay. I said I should not have to pay for anything today. He said we don't do that we have to charge you. He charged my card and I signed my receipt. I felt this experience needed the attention of another manager. I asked who the store manager was at the front counter. They said we have many managers. No who's the store manager again?  They said Maria. I asked to speak with her. So they inform thru there headsets that I'm waiting for GM Maria. MARIE shows up. I said no disrespect but if you and Michael are the same level I prefer to speak to Maria. Two minutes later Maria comes out of the office and speaks to Marie. She then makes a face and goes back into her office. I wait another 6-7 minutes and ask if Maria knows I'm waiting. They said yes. Then another manager shows up. Says she has left for the day. I said I just saw her making a face and walked back into office. I asked for the district managers name. At first they were hesitant to give me his name. And said we will give you corp phone number. I asked again for the name, and they said James. I explained my experience again to this 3rd manager he listed apologized gave permission corp phone number and asked if he can remove an item from my bill.   This was not about the bill. My experience with management was garbage. Starting with Michael then with MARIA the GM that did not have the courtesy to come out and listen to my complaint. Absolutely unacceptable. I left so disappointed I also have attached a few pictures of the $70 whole cheesecake I purchased. The box looked like shot and dirty. So bad. I felt embarrassed taking the cake as a gift with a dirty box. I will go online and post this same review on Cheesecake Factory website as well. Let's see if James the district manager will have the courtesy to call me back.
3 Came today for Brunch... such an amazing experience. Shout out to our amazing server Bree M.  It goes without saying, but great customer service has definitely changed since the pandemic... and not for the best. Bree, thank you for your attention to detail, constantly checking in with such grace. Your bed side manners are immaculate. She's the reason our experience was so amazing. Thank you to the cooks and bartenders who served our drinks too. Keep up the great service.  I wish every establishment could have a server like Bree M.
1 This place offers a busy but calm atmosphere. I am assuming that the location has something to do with the restaurant sitting on the Marina. The water  and the breeze provides a calming effect. Score for ambience.Choosing appetizers for a party of 4 nationalities, we narrowed it down to Avocado Egg Rolls,Hot and cheese dip, fried calamari, tex mex egg rolls. Everyone tried and liked it.  Score for a good party starter.I ordered the Thai lettuce salad and passion fruit mojito . Not too heavy for dinner because of all the appetizers I had. This salad can be shared by two. Score for the variety of food ( CHECKOUT THE SKINNYLICIOUS MENU)And for the finale, S'mores and strawberry cheesecake. Sinfully delicious!  Score for a sweet ending.This food experience needed to be shared with family, so I had to order Korean Fried Cauliflower to take home . Score for the daughter at home.This location is worth checking out.
1 Burnt Cold Bacon on the left. Replacement  bacon on the right. I almost allowed this mishap to ruin my breakfast.  Never again ordering breakfast .  Not acceptable at all.Manager didn't  seem interested food like that came out of her kitchen. Smh !!!
1 Found huge chunks of cabbage in the Coleslaw that came with my Fish & Chips mealAddress this with the floor manager Charles and sent the Coleslaw back to show the kitchen manager In my opinion this oversight needed to be addressed because it's an indication of poor quality assurance
2 The Cheesecake Factory is consistently the best restaurant I have ever patronized. The only reason I do not give this and other locations 5 stars is because of the fact that you have to pay to park on they're lots.
2 Great Food!Great Service!All around great experience. Will definitely bring my mother back for brunches.
5 Idk if a Sunday 4pm was a bad time of day to order takeout but it started like this.... Called in since I needed to specify orders and the lady who answered said the system was down and they wouldn't be able to take my order over the phone, and for me to call back in 45 min to see if they'd be able to take the order. I explained that a few of my items were off the lunch menu. She stated lunch is over at 2pm, but online it says 5pm... I ended up ordering online, no problem. I specified I wanted extra sauce on side of my 3 pasta entres due to once it gets home the pasta has absorbed the sauce and of course I didn't get any. I didn't get any bread either and mind you I had ordered over $150 worth of food. When I asked for bread and dressing they weren't helpful ended up getting just 1 pack of bread with attitude. I don't mind paying extra for my requests, and I'm sorry for asking but if I'm a sit down customer it's a guarantee to get bread & butter, the food was good, it was packed as a regular Sunday or any day at the Cheesecake Factory is expected. But yes my only complaint was unhappy staff.
2 The service was unfortunately so bad we left before we even sat. They sat us outside on the "heated" patio but when we went outside the heater was broken and said sorry.
4 This is a Cheesecake Factory, but on a marina beach. There is loads of outdoor seating, and some indoor seating as well. They have a small bar area with some tables. Service is good and prices are as expected. If you have never been to a Cheesecake Factory, it is a nicer (than Applebees or Fridays)  national chain with, you guessed it, awesome cheesecake. The menu is about 47 pages long, and there are tons of desserts to choose from. When we called for a table, they said a 45 minute wait, and asked us to book a reservation online. When we went online, there were no reservations available for the night. We took a chance and walked over anyway, only to find that the wait was about 20 min. We hung out and were seated in 15. The service was good. Everything came out as expected, and the cheesecake was perfect.They offer valet parking, and I am not sure if there is free parking or not as we walked from a nearby hotel. All in all, a good experience.
4 There's a long black hair strand in my cheese cake. I ordered delivery with da Vinci pasta, carbonara, Chinese chicken salad and we've decided to get caramel pra an cheesecake for dessert. And when I was about to eat it, I notice a black strand inside the cheese cake, and yes! It's long black hair. I don't know how it end up on my cheesecake but they should be very careful when making/preparing food. I lost my appetite.
4 I've been coming to this place for years. We used to absolutely love it especially for the views but also service and food. It all has gone down the hill since the pandemic. They used to have a beautiful downstairs patio plus additional patio for smaller menu options. They never opened those areas up after Covid. And everyone is cramped in a tiny outdoor space upstairs. I swear they just doubled the tables in that tiny place and call it outdoors with tables placed inches apart. The food is mediocre but mainly because they're always out of their most famous and our favorite options. And the service is questionable. The last few times I swear five different servers tried to assist us with each one taking breaks every fifteen minutes. It's not about the next one knowing my order. It's about me trying to take away from enjoying my meal and company to once again listen to new introduction. I really don't care how well trained they are, just get it together and have one dedicated person to each table. So whoever was in charge in 2018 please call them back. They ran the business perfectly.
4 This restaurant's cons and Pros are equal that is why I had to lower the gradePros: A- The quality of foods are excellent!           B-The Prices are more reasonable than most places.          C. Overall it has great waiter and waitress Cons: A- The portion of serving are getting smaller than    before.but the price a bit higher not change that much!          B- it is very crowded specially for the size of some locations         C. It is not a top clean restaurant! Specifically the bathrooms of some locations like Marina Del Rey is felty, Small and not enough bathrooms for the size of restaurant and the crowds         D. Overall the waiting is too long and the waiting area is to small in some locations !occasionallyI saw people got frustrated as well as the hostess, including myself (long story) This review is based on my last experience.Although, I love some locations better than others.I  Actually give 5 star to Riverside CA,4.5 to Redondo Beach and 3 Stars to Marina          I will also post pictures later .Thank you for reading .
4 I live near the area and happened to go on a Tuesday after work around 6 pm and when we tried to get a table inside, we were told that the wait was an hour...so we took an outside table which didn't have any wait time. Thankfully, the table had a heater next to it so I was able to stay warm throughout my dinner. Ambiance is great here with the view of the waterfront, people walking, kids playing at the playground, and the lighting here was so pretty. It's a perfect spot when out on a date. It was nice to eat dinner with my husband,, outside with such nice lighting at night time. Food was great! Always with large portions. My husband and I both had to ask for a container for both of our food. Service was good too.The only downside was that it was $7 for valet. There's another cheesecake factory close to my house and that place doesn't have a valet so I probably won't be eating here in the future if I want to eat at a Cheesecake Factory...
4 We walked in and were told it would be a 45 min to an hour wait. We went to the bar ordered our drinks, not even 5 minutes in we were told our table was ready. We had to close our tab as they couldn't transfer it. The girl helping us while our waiter came back to help us. We ordered the warm crab and artichoke dip. It was extremely oily, you could see the oil puddle in you move your dish to the side. We were brought a basket of bread, the taste was good. This came out right away. While our main dish took well over 45 min to get to our table. We ordered spicy chipotle chicken pasta and the mushroom burger. They both had a good taste.
4 Amazing view with great service. The managers and servers are very attentive and the food is delicious . Me and my husband love there sandwiches and fish as well. 10/10
2.5 I've been to this Cheesecake numerous times but I couldn't have experience a better  time than this past Saturday! Lemme tell you how problematic customer, on their busiest day I initially had a reservation at 1:45pm. After a bit of confusion with the name this lovely gentleman assisted me in rescheduling to 4:00pm4pm come we arrive and they are PACKED I tell ya! They inform me when my table become available they will text me... in about 20 minutes. So we leave and I go back before the text cause it was 4:23 pm and they had not text me yet! Get to the hostess booth and inform them I had a 4pm reservation, came and you told me to come back in 20 minutes (Staring at them cause I'm waiting for more time to be added!!) The same young gentleman that answered the phone and helped me switch my reservation earlier looked at my name on the list and grab 2 menus and said the magic words... follow me!!! My world got brighter! Needless to say my guy got the Cajun pasta and I had the Fried shrimp basket!!! EXCELLENT!!! Service, food and did I mention SERVICE! Don't get me wrong we had to wait for it but for them to be that busy and not miss a beat!! They have been added back in rotation for our date night spots!!! No pics this time but I will post another post soon!!
4 Well... don't bother making a reservation. You will be stood in line with everyone else... it takes about an hour to be seated on a busy Sunday... reservation or not Food is fine... ambiance is good
3.5 It tock about 1 hour just to be seated and 30 minutes just to ask us what drink we would like. When they finally come back with our drinks and the take our order I ask for the Alfredo pasta and they said we don't carry that. So I ask for the chicken brisket and they said we don't have that one. ‍ so I ask can you please let me know what you don't have and the waiter give me a list. The waiter walk away and said I'll be back. I go to the bathroom and the floor was too sticky I'm not sure when was the last time the cleaning the floor. I come back to my table and waited another 30 minutes to take my order. By the time my food came it was so late and was I was so frustrated. I got there at 8pm and was able to eat some of my food by 10pm The only thing that I could say that was positive was the outside view.
3.5 Horrible customer service.. We called before going and was told 20 minute wait for 5... when we arrive was told 30 minutes.. no big deal.. the wait ended up taking over an hour and (6) different groups were seated before us that arrived after us.. mixture parties of 4 and 6... Had to get mgr involved and he tried to seat us in front of another party of 5 who was in front of us.. it was a mess the group handling the seating thought it was all funny and could care less Once seated the waiter was amazing.. the mgr never checked on us and could care less.. attitude is a reflection of leadership If you have other options take them
4 Just had to acknowledge this is our second time having Patricia as our server and she's just wonderful. Always so patient, kind and friendly. Thank you for being you!
1 Had a great experience during my to go order today. My server Rick was super patient and made sure he got my order correct. It was really loud in the restaurant, and with the challenge of wearing masks, it was more than a notion to get my order correct. I was grateful for Rick's excellent service. Myron went above and beyond at the pick up area for my order.  He quickly returned to the kitchen to get additional items I wanted (hot sauce, syrup, cup of ice) and returned with a smile. I truly enjoyed my experience at one of my favorite restaurants.
1 I had such a great experience while dining seaside for- lunch. Our server Sean was the best we've encountered in a while. It's little things like suggesting a protein with my guacamole salad, and asking if we wanted cheese on our veggie burger. This seems small, but when you're vegan and forget to ask, it's awful to have to send your food back. So we really appreciated him asking. The salad was delicious and the burger served hot. The sweet potato fries were nice and crispy. The combination of great service and good food made this a great day! Thank you again, Sean.
4 Food wasn't good, service wasn't great, and the restaurant was SO dark it was hard to see anything. I was even approached by someone telling me my flashlight from my phone that I was using to look at the menu, was bothering them. Not the best experience for my moms birthday.
1 If I could give negative stars, I would. The Marina Del Rey Cheesecake factory is one of the  worst run restaurants in Los Angeles. We arrived at 10:15  on a Sunday night. Their stated closing time was 11 pm. The front door was locked at 10:15 despite the restaurant being full of guests. We were let in. All of the bar seats were overturned and bus-pans full of dirty dishes were set on the bar top. No one greeted us. We walked through the entire restaurant. There were multiple tables that were strewn with dirty dishes. There was no organization. There was no control. The was literally no one in charge of this absolute s$&t show. Cheesecake Factory. What the hell?
5 Wasn't worth the drive! 1 star for patio view! Drove out to Marina Del Rey from the OC for a change of scenery! I wasted my time and my gas! The service was horrific, we witnessed the other guest be treated with respect, and spoken to nicely. Every request we had, from lemonade  to a chicken dinner from the menu we were told that they were all out! When our dinner arrived it was lukewarm/ cool! Never received the appetizer that we ordered!!You could see the steam from the table next to us, from their food! Our server constantly rolled her eyes, and answered WHAT! We were  ignored and made to feel unwelcome! While she nicely smiled at the other guest at the other table! I passed 4 Cheesecake Factory restaurants to come to this location! What a bad choice! Stay away on Sunday's! Not to mention, my brother was robbed by VALET! Do not VALET!
5 THANKS!!! Martha R.. doing takeout!!Marth R went out of her way to make sure that my order was correct during Covid. I Ordered a Meal for meal for me and my family with special requests and everything turned out perfect!Martha R was nice enough to inform the kitchen personally to my request!I order To-GO  over the phone .. which had the possibility for so many errors BUT NOT WITH MARTHA!!Thanks so much Martha R for accomodating my special requests and going the extra mile during these tough times!  If your lucky enough to get her for takeout.. your meal will be flawless!! Id ask her to take my order everytime ..if it was possible!!Thanks Martha R
2 Just called to inquire about a pending reservation and the hostess was rude and very curt. It is very unfortunate as I have  patronized this location over the past 20 years if not more. Do better in training and selecting your staff. Very unpleasant encounter. To boot she put me on hold for at least 15minutes when I called back to speak with management, Im certain the request was not forwarded. However I am contacting corporate.
1 So my niece came in from New Orleans and wanted to go here for dinner. I've been to this location several times, and this was the worst food, appetizer & cocktails ever. The first problem was the utensils and saucers were dirty and had finger prints all over them, just nasty, so the waiter replaced them. We ordered two Peach Bellinis, and when they came, it immediately separated from the blended part and just had tasteless liquid at the bottom. I then ordered the stuffed mushrooms which had a pinch of whatever stuffing they use and they were so tiny I guess that's why they couldn't stuff them and just had them sitting in a skimmy of suppose to be wine sauce with no flavor. Then, for dinner, I ordered the  Jamaican pepper shrimp, and it was a watery, bland, smallest shrimp I've ever seen floating on my plate disaster. The rice was overcooked and also mushy. The only thing was ok was the black beans & plantains. My nieces Bistro shrimp pasta looked good, but it also was really watered down when it came to the sauce and did not stick to the pasta. I was so disappointed with this visit and do NOT recommend this location at all. I wasted time and money, and that's not cool, especially in this economy where you try to support businesses, and then they are watering down the food and drinks.
3 We first got there and I asked for a table. After the whole party arrived. They gave our table Away. We had to wait another 10 minutes. The drinks we ordered was soposta have alcohol. It didn't taste one bit of vodka. They brought our salad w no dressing. We had to ask and wait another 20 minutes. Our food seemed like it was rushed off. We had to ask every time we needed something to a different waiter. Since they were extremely busy.
2 Terrible service, terrible team, terrible everything. I made a reservation a week ago, and called at 11:35 (5 minutes after they opened) to make sure the reservation was still all good, and that we would have our dog with us. The lady on the phone says "yep, that's all perfect, we have your reservation and we're all set to go"We walked from our house-- not an easy walk, mind you-- to avoid paying the 8$ valet parking only. We got to the restaurant at noon, our reservation time, and they tell us it's an hour wait for a table outside. Oh, also, we can't have our dog. What??? My dad is upset, our party of 6 is sitting in the heat outside, and now we have to send my wife back home with the dog??? When we had confirmed 30 minutes ago that this was all ok and ready to go???So the reservation means NOTHING. We had to opt for indoor seating. They put us into a booth made for four people. When 6 people couldn't fit, we were moved to a different table that had a whole POLE between chairs. We finally get a spot to sit where we can all fit and we have to wait for my wife to come back from her 30 minute walk to take our dog home. They brought two pieces of bread for six people. After wife gets back another party (of 7) is seated next to us, 20 minutes after we had sat there trying to at least order drinks. The music was so loud we couldn't even hear each other!! We asked management to turn it down but they told us "sorry we don't know how", but our angel of a waitress knew right away and turned it down for us-- she also couldn't stand the loud music either. Party of 7 gets orders in and served before us. We were so frustrated we just ate and left. What an awful birthday lunch. We'll never be coming back here again.
4 Service was horrible. We were told there was a 40 minute wait, after waiting an hour there were still 6 parties ahead of us. When we finally got our food it was cold (it was obviously sitting on the counter for a while) and the order was all wrong.The sides were missing (fries from the Fish n Chips, green beans from the Steak). The steak was overdone and we never got the avocado rolls we ordered. When we brought this up to the manager all they offered was a  "sorry" there was no effort to fix the issue or offer compensation to make up for the poor experience. I can understand they are under staffed but this sort of service is unacceptable. We ended up getting the minimum, a refund for the missing items but will not be returning anytime soon.
4 I'm starting off with the wait ...  it took us like 50 minutes for our food to arrive once we had placed the order. My friend ordered the chicken picatta which had no flavor what so ever she said. I got the rib eye steak dinner which was HARD AS A ROCK AND SUPER DRY!!!!!!!!  I have never had a dry steak like this before !! Also the green beans man just look like y'all threw them out the can and warmed them ... so cheap no flavor either. Super disappointed this was our first at this particular location and our last! It's like a sinking ship with no CAPTAIN!  125 dollars on this meal WHAT A WASTE!!! Also the noodles for chicken picatta meal were not ready!!!!!! They were not ready! If you guys are gonna be charging these prices let's make sure your chefs know when the noodles are ready ... and please for goodness sake let's work on your steak  ( look how cheap my plate looks ) lol
4 We were Visiting relatives from back East who now live in the Marina so they booked a reservation at the Cheesecake Factory. First of all the place was a madhouse! Yes it is Labor Day weekend but wow. Being that we had a reservation it got seated fairly quickly. The food was decent. I had the Almond crusted Salmon Salad. First off the Salad was huge. The Salmon was good but I've had better. I also tried the Very Cherry Ghirardelli Chocolate Cheesecake which was exceptional. So overall it was a decent experience. The service was very good considering the crowds. However I would not go there on a Holiday weekend again.
4 Very Slow service.  Not sure if it was due to the change in servers which unfortunately happened after we put our order in, but one of the orders was really late and we had to remind the replacement about it before it got to us.   Everything pretty much took forever including getting the check, and paying for it. Their signature brown bread tasted and felt stale, which was really weird considering we were told they were late because they were supposed to have been freshly made (we were offered the sourdoughs while waiting).  Literally had better from grocery store bought of the same bread.  This was really disappointing and is reason for the -2 stars
4 Came for a family dinner and service was excellent! Eric was so nice and attentive even tho he was covering for our person on break. I have been to places where people are rude because " Is not their table" he did the complete opposite. Loves his job . Food was delicious as always and Dessert well it is the Cheesecake Factory ! This time we had Mario great Service !!!! Food delicious as always.
2.5 Came for a family dinner and service was excellent! Eric was so nice and attentive even tho he was covering for our person on break. I have been to places where people are rude because " Is not their table" he did the complete opposite. Loves his job . Food was delicious as always and Dessert well it is the Cheesecake Factory ! Happy Customer
4 Came for a family dinner and service was excellent! Eric was so nice and attentive even though he was covering for our person on break. I have been to places where people are rude because " Is not their table" he did the complete opposite. Loves his job . Food was delicious as always and Dessert well it is the Cheesecake Factory ! Happy Customer
3.5 I want my refund. I placed a to go order for two items: vegan cobb salad and a pepperoni pizza. I picked up my order and signed the credit card slip. The woman at the front took my credit card slip so I didn't get a copy. As I'm walking out, I notice that my salad is heaped with bacon, chicken, cheese, and a whole bunch of other stuff I don't eat. So, I  went back so they could fix their mistake and give me my vegan cobb. I get home and realize they gave me two pepperoni pizzas. So, I paid for a regular cobb salad and two pepperoni pizzas. Once I realized this, I got on the phone to speak to a manager. After waiting on hold several minutes, I finally hung up. I sent an email through their system which disappeared into the wild blue yonder with no confirmation. The level of incompetence at this restaurant is mind boggling. I want a refund for the second pepperoni pizza. I didn't order it and I don't want it. It's sitting in my fridge, send a delivery driver to pick the damn thing up and give me my money back. You probably also owe me money for my vegan cobb salad. You charged me for the regular cobb, but I got the vegan, which I'm sure is at least several dollars cheaper. Give me my damn refund!
3.5 What a disappointment; don't even know where to start.... {this review is for Thursday 4/29}My family and I were at the beach. Being in the sun got us hungry. So, decided to go see how long the wait was... the hostess were extremely rude, not friendly, and attitude. Not organized whatsoever. Went back and told my husband how long the wait. So we decided to just order food and eat outside on the tables. I order the girl answering the phone had no customer service whatsoever. We order were told it will be ready in 30 mins. So, I called to check on the order. Once again the girl answering was rude! I asked may she please check on my order since they did say it will take 30 mins. She said: "no, you will know it's ready when you get a text" honestly how hard is it to turn around and check if you see my name??? Twenty minutes later I get the text. Like I stated I was at the beach 5 mins away walking or less. Got their Omgee our food was SUPER COLD & NO TASTE!! I regret ordering food from here. I should've know from the attitude of the hostess it was going to be a bad experience!!! PLEASE SAVE YOUR MONEY & take your family snacks or lunch if you at mother's beach. Waste of 80 dollars. For some nasty cold food.
4 WOW, where do I start? Came in on a busy Saturday (4pm ) to celebrate my mother's birthday. The wait wasn't that bad 40 mins. We had two waiters the first seem like he was overwhelmed BUT then came MIGUEL! He was so sweet and patience; nothing but smiles with him. Seemed like he was ready for anything. Being so busy I didn't think we would have excellent customer service. MiGUEl was friendly and checked on us and his other guest. Whatever we needed he came back with it from extra ketchup to ordering more things. I have to say I'm very shock with his customer service because he had big parties like ours. I will Definitely be back to this location. He should be a trainer. I had stop coming to this location because how bad the service was. And also for example a waiter with blonde hair and bright lipstick bumped into me and couldn't even say sorry or excuse me today. But because of MiGUEl great service that didn't ruin my experience. Thank you so much MiGUEl for your great service
5 I called and spoke to the desk, no wait. None. I live next door to this Cheesecake Factory.  Picked up my purse and my husband and I walked out the door, crossed the street. It's now a 15 minute wait.  I'm told, we'll it's a Saturday.  How does it go from no one waiting g to a 15 minute wait for a party of 2?  I should note that there are about 3 large groups here when we arrived.
3 It's always hit and miss ordering food to go at the Cheesecake Factory and today was a miss.  My husband ordered chicken and shrimp gumbo, came with no shrimp.  I ordered the Cuban sandwich with a side salad and got a cesar salad. Other than asking for a mild gumbo, no other requests.  I called, got the manager and  as he's talking to me the call drops.  He doesn't even bother to call back.  I'm home after surgery so I cant run up have them make corrections. How about just making it right.
1 Had a family dinner here and our server, Carlos, was phenomenal. He was super helpful, engaging, and patient. He made sure we were happy. Carlos definitely provided a 5 star experience. The 3 stars are because management is not good. This would have been 1 star review, but Carlos was just so good. However, the general manager, Chris Beaver, was unaccommodating. I believe it is because our family is Black. We spent close to $800 on food and had a complaint on $20 plate that was not properly resolved. There was blood in one of the plates of chicken, and we sent it back. The Beaver said the blood was present because it's a Tendon and our concern was not valid; he didn't have an ounce of empathy and desire to provide us w good customer service. Rather right or wrong, I strongly believe he wouldn't have spoke to a White family the way he spoke to mine. We were a party of 14, so we're spending money and had one concern and he couldn't address it in a customer centered way. Beaver needs training, or a reminder, what customer centered service looks like.All praises to Carlos!
4 I went to this Cheesecake Factory last night around 8:30-8:45 to grab 2 fresh strawberry cheesecakes. I was waiting at the counter after an older gentleman provided our bill and a younger lady packed the cheesecakes. You can see the counter the cheesecakes are getting boxed into and the lady drops one of the cheesecakes on the table, twice. She packs them and hands them over to me. Still eating the cheesecake, we found black stuff on one of the fallen one.Both cheesecakes were around $21.Not sanitary. Picture enclosed.There is also no parking at this restaurant only valet.
4 The worst ever!Pulled up at 9pm. They close at 10 pm. Payed valet to park, put in our name, hostess said 15 minutes for 4 people. We sat & waited 20 minutes for her to come out & say they can't seat us because they no longer have any tables available! What?!?! No tables after she said 15 minutes, 20 minutes ago!!Asked for her name and she refused to give me her name, and was not apologetic at all! I've never had this bad of an experience at any restaurant! Due to the hostess obviously knowing she was in the wrong by refusing to give her name. So it's known. It's the hostess with dirty blonde hair that was working Sunday night 10/9/22 at 9 pm. If I wasn't so livid I would have demanded to speak to a manager. But instead I just won't be back. Too bad I had to leave even 1 star in order to leave a review.
4 If you call to try and find out what is up you'll get an answering machine.Then you can wait and get to a human.The human that answered was overly caffeinated and was hard to understand. She did say they don't take reservations but if you go to Yelp you can make a reservation.I know, it seems weird to me too.Why call a third party to make a reservation that the first party I have on the phone doesn't take? Not sure, but I'll bet this misinformation keeps some folks away.
2 Very large portion sizes. Had the calamari and Hibachi steak. Both were good.  Great value for the price. Its what you would expect from a chain restaurant.
1 If you're looking up a review for the food , you should already know what you're going to get. It's the Cheesecake Factory but what you should know about this location is how filthy it is.   The bathroom's are worse than dodger stadium.   It didn't look like it was cleaned all day.    Garbage everywhere.  Glad I went after my meal otherwise , I would have walked out.   And they ran out of the brown bread.   It's like McDonald's running out of French fries.    Who does that.
4 We had an early lunch here yesterday. I'm doing a review because the service was great! Lena was our waitress. She was very pleasant and attentive which I always appreciate whenever dining out. If you go to this location,  sit in her area for the best service  :)Let me not forget to mention that the jambalaya with pasta is excellent!!
3 Ordered a crusted chicken romano; tasted microwaved and it got cold under 5 minutes of being servedthe service was decent. refill took at least 15 minutes the bread has a slight taste of burnt the area was nice and calm, the entrance was welcoming
4 I took a star off for the cheesecake size to pricing ratio. At other locations the sizes were almost double than here. Honestly, I don't mind the smaller portion at all, it was too big usually anyways, however I do not want to pay the same price for something that is less quantity - please make note management!In regards to service and the taste, no complaints there. The staff was quick and friendly. We did take-out. The cheesecakes were divine. Tasted the caramel apple and turtle. Neither cake was too sweet which I actually was expecting. This impressed me quite a bit. There was chunks of apple inside and I don't know how they do it, but they were like apples on another level. So soft, flavourful, very cool. There were little round caramel covered bits on top, so cute and yummy. There was shortbread type cookie pieces on the side, loved that and enjoyed the added whip cream to both cakes. The crust on the turtle cake had chunks of dark chocolate, loved! And the top chocolate frosting was insane. They were both so good and well made. Again, not too sweet but the perfect amount, definitely enjoyed that.This place always (and I mean any day or time I've visited) over an hour wait - not sure how that can be. Also got a caramel macchiato which again was not too sweet and paired well with the cheesecake. We were wondering where our cakes came from however, since we didn't see the server take it from the glass display...do they keep cakes in the back? Why are there cakes in the front that they don't serve? They don't seem like for display as some pieces were gone and they look fresh but who knows.All and all, great taste for not-so-great price.
4 Food was great. However the table they sat us in was a joke. My wife and I had no space for our dinner plates and the complementary bread.  I kept getting bumped into as I tried to enjoy my meal.  This place overall is way to small.  Getting to the restroom is another challenge trying to navigate through a busy kitchen.  It's a fire hazard if you ask me.
4 Wow. The response by The Cheesecake Factory was, to say the least, completely unhelpful and totally flippant. Whoever wrote it is a complete and arrogant ass, and obviously doesn't care about losing any business. I DID make a dinner reservation, so why are you telling meI should come in early when you open or late in the evening?  What a moronic piece of advice. I worked in the restaurant business all through college, am sympathetic to restaurant staff, always polite, and always tip well, but when the manager refuses to make a small accommodation, I can't give them my business anymore.
4 Last night, I had reservations for 6 people for dinner for my niece's birthday. My nephew unexpectedly showed up right before we were leaving for the restaurant, so we took him along with us. When I checked in with the hostess and then manager and told them we unexpectedly had 7, they wouldn't honor my reservation, and told me we'd have to wait 2 hours to be seated. It's not like I walked in with 10 extra guests. They refused to accommodate us just for 1 extra person. Not a good move. They have permanently lost my business. And when I post this on nextdoor and Facebook, they'll lose even more. I've never experienced a refusal of a reservation because the number of people increased by 1. Super disappointing that they refused to bend their rules a little bit, especially for my niece's birthday. It's what you do if you want to keep your patrons coming back. I was super polite explaining my sitch, and was left speechless after their complete refusal to seat us. I suppose I could have sat 6 of us, and told my nephew to wander over to our table after we were already seated and then ask for an extra chair, but why do that?  That's not cool. Neither is refusing to honor my reservation because of 1 extra person. So, we took our party to C&O Trattoria and dropped $400 there on a fun and perfectly lovely dinner.
4 Of the dozens I have been to in my life across the country, this one was BY FAR the worst. not even a close second. The parking is horrible and it will cost you (there is plenty of parking; it's a ridiculous money grab), the food came out wrong with both our plates with one of us not even getting the order we asked for, the regular coke was just carbonated water and they still charged for it, the food took literally just under an hour and the restaurant was barely half full, the service was extremely slow, the food wasn't their standard recipes and tasted extremely bland, and they have a deck where they put their expectedly loudest patrons in one specific area and don't even pretend about it. What a trippy 6, but in a really bad way.
2.5 I used to love this chain. Since the pandemic, the menu is about 25% of what it used to be. And the food was good, not great like it used to be. And very heavy. Ugh.
4 The best thing about this place is the view. I really like to eat, watching yacht harbor outside, so I used to come here a lot when I was a student.In this time, I also had a very good time with my friends.The size of pasta is a bit much for me, but the taste was really good, and the staff were also nice.
3.5 Horrible customer service!!! Made reservations for party of 6 but ended up needing a table for 10, I was told I had to wait and I understood since we had a bigger party. Told wait time would be 1 hour. Waited a little over 2 HOURS! Mind you, not once did anyone try giving me any type of update. Every time we asked we got the same answer "we're working on it" but one of the employees had the audacity to tell my husband " we told her it was a 2 hour wait" as if my husband wasn't next to me when I was told 1 hour. Finally got seated and the waitress had no interest in helping. Didn't even get bread offered (we ended up asking for some with the server cause waitress was no where to be seen) drinks would take a while to arrive and food wasn't cooked well. I don't recommend this location at all.
3.5 Very, disappointed with the Cheesecake Factory! Just spent $70 (tip included) worth of takeout food for 2 people. We were not provided with any condiments or utensils! Please let your staff know that they should always make sure to provide your customers with napkins and plastic wares!  I mean it was a take out order. I even asked before leaving and the staff just said "everything is in the bag".
4 Our server David was amazing. He helped me and my family out really well, he was super helpful and kind and provided the best experience for us. Not to mention the food was amazing.
1 This used to be the place. Good food, ambiance, scenery, cleanliness. Now big, non support, untrained dogs inside, kids under 5 at their own table running & screaming. This, when there are so many dog and kid friendly restaurants. No need to return.
1 We had a reservation but they seemed overbooked. They apologized about the wait, kept checking in on us and you could see their sense of urgency, we honestly didn't mind waiting. The food was good and our waiter was sweet and attentive.
4 Great Service, our waiter Elias was very nice, We had a nice view of the water front. Food here is always good, we were so full for dessert, we didn't have room for cheesecake, but there's always next time.Tips: reserve on yelp for faster seating.Valet Only (Saturday $7) .
1 Very good food at reasonable pricing. One of my fav Cheesecake Factory locations! Unfortunately always packed. But deserves 5 stars!
3 Our waiter was awesome! He was attentive & fast with great attitude! My pancakes were soooo good! Overall the BRUNCH menu is a A+ let alone the MIMOSA's
1 Cheesecake Factory used to be "the go-to  place" for a great meal. I was recently given a gift card and  went for the first time in years. The service was excellent. The ambiance was chaotic, to say the least, and the food was mediocre at best. The menu has dramatically changed since their heyday and the food quality, like most  food these days is far from optimal
1 I came to this location on a Wednesday night and found an hour wait as many people were there to celebrate a graduation. My boyfriend's little sister had turned 21 and wanted to celebrate here. This Cheesecake Factory only provides valet parking, but there is a public parking lot right next to it. I only paid $3 for 2 hour parking and there was plenty of parking right next to cheesecake. We were able to find seats in the bar area that would fit all 7 of us so we cancelled on waiting for a table in the dining area. It was pretty busy and took us awhile to get some bread. Our server was funny and helpful and did his best with the crowd. For appetizers, we ordered the Brussel sprouts and avocado egg rolls. You can never go wrong with those egg rolls. However, I was unimpressed with the Brussel sprouts. For an entree, I ordered the seared ahi tuna salad and my bf ordered chicken Alfredo. I had a bite of the lemon chicken from someone else's plate and found the chicken super flavorful. My seared ahi was tasty and already had a dressing on the salad, but they gave me an extra side of sauce which I liked dipping my tuna in. Cheesecake Factory is a good place to find something for everyone in your party but I never find myself wanting to go back.
5 Overall I wouldn't recommend this place. I went with a group of 5 and 3/5 of the dishes arrived to the table cold. The waiter delivered drinks to people who sat down way after us before we received ours. We asked multiple times for refill of water which also took a long time. We did come closer to closing which could have had an effect on the service but I have not received this service nor quality of food at other locations
3 I went to this Cheesecake Factory for my mother's birthday. They have a valet and a self-serve parking lot right next door. I opted for self-serve. The machine was not accepting credit cards so I went inside to ask for change. It took me asking 6 different employees for change before I actually received it. The employee working at the bakery/pick-up station was incredibly rude. I asked him for change. He said they didn't have any and sent me to another employee who directed me back to the bakery employee. He begrudgingly broke my $10 bill.​10/10 would not recommend coming to this location. It shouldn't be that much of a struggle to receive change so that I can dine at an establishment.
4 Cheesecake Factory in MDR is always packed bc it's so good. Their pasta is to die for. The cheesecake is always bomb, we've had their seasonal pumpkin to go and also the Apple cinnamon to go and while the slices look bigger in person than what you get to go it's all you need because of how rich the flavor is. Anything on the menu is killer, you won't be disappointed but be prepared to pay a fare amount for your meal. Worth it!
1 I had a great time. It was me and my wives 5th anniversary and the food was great, the service of Anthony and Skylar was awesome! I enjoyed everything. Also the steak Diane with side of Mac n cheese is everything. Please go sit in there section, you will not have a bad experience. Will come again!
5 We hit this MDR Cheesecake Factory on the regular because it's reliably good food and usually very lovely service which I accredit corporate. The staff seem to see their jobs as a career, not a stepping stone to an acting gig. Bree and Journey are stand out wait staff. They genuinely care about their customers. I would give the place 5 stars, if only the food didn't take so long to expedite out of the kitchen. Best to go off peak hours.
1 Dined at this location 2/20/22  1pm. We were seated outdoors. The table behind us had a dog that they put down a saucer for the dog to lick what ever was given to it off of.... not a service animal and had it been a service it still should not be given the tableware that humans eat off of. I was totally surprised and disappointed in the service offered there to a dog. I spoke with the two managers there neither seemed to take the complaint seriously enough for them. I understand the grade that they have received regarding the utensils.Totally deserving and really disgusting I will never eat here again. On the site it also says "dogs not allowed"I find that very hard to believe considering the city its located in. Everyone does NOT want to sit down and eat  with dogs, and when they get up to leave your on the tail end of their shakes?Yikes.... smh
4 Why take reservations when the restaurant tells you upon checkin that they don't take reservations And can't honor the request within 30minutes. Very disappointing experience. Not the Cheesecake Factory of old.  The only similarity is the menu.
4 I was going to give a good review for the ambiance, but what I witnessed when I was dining there was just out right disgusting and I will never ever go to a racist cheese cake factory again. I was just about to get a table when I saw a group of Grammy winning artists waiting for a table. The way they all were treated was a brutal wake up call at how prominently racism is a problem still in 2023. I'm sorry that group was never sat, accommodated or even attended to. I witnessed the staff being extremely rude to the party. They publicly embarrassed the group simply from their own extreme prejudice. It's sad to see in 2023 that this still happens in California. Emanuel was the manager I believe. What a disgusting establishment.
4 First impressions chaotic , we had booked for 2 people at 7pm, the area is full of people waiting, and staff rushing around, kitchen banging around, impossible to try and hear the hostess, waited 30mins at bar, till seated, felt like walking out.  Escorted to our seats outside, and complete opposite, absolutely superb, nice quiet atmosphere, relaxed, and and wonderful waitress, both had steak and and a bottle of wine, food was extremely nice especially washed down with the wine.  Would I return, not sure if I want the experience again of getting in, solution move the hostess desk. Doesn't work where it is
4 The website to book reservations is down and I called to book a reservation but this location cannot accept reservations over the phone- Adrianna then hung up in my face after requesting the Manager information to call back to potentially book a reservation. So rude.
4 I am here for my birthday! I've waited an hour for my reservation in which I request several days in advance. Just to arrive here and be held up for about an hour. Now that we are seated, we've talked to management and there is nothing they can do. Adriana the manager needs to be fired! She is the reason why this experience is awful. I've been planning my birthday for weeks now. I love Cheesecake Factory and have been trying to come here for a while. However I am very disappointed with my experience. DO NOT COME HERE!DO NOT COME HERE HORRIBLE SADVERY BAD BIRTHDAY HAD ME WAITING FOR 2 hours
2.5 The customer service here was horrendous. I was here this evening with a 7:30pm reservation, I arrived early and they tried to sit me and my disabled brother in a tiny table where he had to struggle to get in and out of the table. Also I would have been eating on top of others. This was at 7:10pm, 20 minutes before my actual reservation. I immediately advised them it was unacceptable and I let them know about my original request and my reservation I was then told I was going to have to wait another 30 minutes, PAST MY RESERVATION TIME. No sir, I'm not gonna be put back in a que, you see a disabled person and you need to accommodate, you also need to have an adequate table by my reservation time. The manager advised me at 7:30 I had table then disappeared at this point I felt like I was begging them to take my money and I walked out. I will never visit this location again.
4 Great place. Food, appetizers and deserts are so yummy.I really recommend Cheesecake Factory.
3.5 Great food, good service, medium wait times for orders placed, limited parking conditions at some locations.
3.5 I used to love going to Cheesecake Factory mainly for the cheesecake cake, but also for the customer service, the food and when you wanted to celebrate! Friendly wait staff remians, but the execution and delivery is laughable, their food is below subpar and they don't celebrate. Anything. We ordered drinks, apps, dinner and cheesecake...and it was my girlfriend's birthday so I told them in advance.The drinks came out first, then the apps. Perfect, delicious. Then the dinner came, but mine wasn't as spicy as the menu led it to be. I've ordered this dish before and it was spicier, so I'm sure they forgot some ingredients; but they forgot my girlfriend's dinner, and she's the birthday girl. We were told it was on its way. Never came.We ordered cheesecake, to-go, got the bill THEN they delivered her dinner. Needless to say we took it to go.Their food always tasted even better the day after, but not any more.I would just go here for drinks and apps now, maybe their cheesecake which is now seriously overpriced and not as good because it's too sweet after one bite.Cheesecake Factory, what happened to you? Bring your old school self back!It was my girlfriend's birthday
4 We were visiting family for the holidays and decided to meet here for dinner before walking around the rest of town. Fernando was our server who was really patient with us as we are a family of picky eaters. He recommended I try the Louisiana Chicken Pasta, and swore on the Avocado Egg Rolls as an appetizer for us to share. What I loved about this location was the beautiful views out on their patio. Our server was also really attentive and constantly checking up on us. We enjoyed the "Basque" and a fresh strawberry cheesecake to finish off a great meal.
1 I had an excellent time celebrating my Dad's 70th Birthday.  Our server was very attentive and knowledgeable with the menu.  The scenery of the water while dining is so mesmerizing.  We all chose delicious entrees with great culinary presentation.  Last but not least the CHEESECAKE is a must.  We sang happy birthday and my dad even made a wish.  What a memorable dinner for my Dad's 70th Birthday!!!
5 Just want to let the manager and staff know that my wife and I we're treated like royalty when we dined in at the Cheesecake Factory in Marina for lunch. The food was really great. I had the flatbread pizza with a Cesar Salad and my wife had the Crab Dip and the Buffalo Blast chicken. All the food was great and hot on delivery. Really great server by the name of Katera. She knew her menu and was really knowledgeable about the menu. Thank you. I definitely will be going back again.   Thank you
1 Just want to let the manager and staff know that my wife and we're treated like royalty when we dined in at the Cheesecake Factory in Marina for lunch. The food was really great. I had the flatbread pizza with a Cesar Salad and my wife had the Crab Dip and the Buffalo Blast chicken. All the food was great and hot on delivery. Really great server by the name of Katera. She knew her menu and was really knowledgeable about the menu. Thank you. I definitely will be going back again.   Thank you.
1 We come to this location for a very special occasion. Celebrating my mom's birthday for the past five years simply for the view and their service is why we keep coming back. My mom is a big, big fan of Cheesecake Factory, but she will only come to this location. The staff is so accommodating. This is a lovely, little tradition that has been a family favorite. Just like this establishment.
5 Went to our favorite haunt in Marina Del Rey, the other day. Had the Hennessy side car by bartender Bryan. Whoa , it was amazing! Now let's be real I AM. a true Hennessy connoisseur. this drink had just the right amount of kick with an essence of lime  and a sugar rim no less... this drink needs to be added to the menu. Hell my wife doesn't drink whiskey and she liked it:)  looking forward to coming back again soon. Hoping to see my "Hennessy side-car" on the menu  when I return..
5 Food was amazing the only thing I didn't like is the flies in the room, I had 2 flies on my food, one of the flies did get stuck and they had to remake it. Staff was super nice, loved the positive energy from host himself.
1 Honestly my first few times to any Cheesecake Factory (around USA) my appetizers & plates were nasty!!  But now I know what to order & it hits every time!!! But this location has been the best out of the most recent 3 I've been to. I always order the chopped salad no blue cheese sub cheddar & the salmon in lemon sauce with mash & asparagus! This location been the best thus far. I've been to over 5 locations
3 I live fairly close to cheesecake factory.I made a reservation at 4:15. I was told by the reservation person that it would take another 15 to 20 minutes before they would see us. This makes no sense. Why do I make a reservation if I have to wait that long.We were finally paged at 5:22 to sit down. Fortunately, we had already sat at the bar to eat. The bartenders were very nice. The quality of the food and the drink was at best, mediocre. My sandwich was very greasy not put together very well and just not something I would care to eat again.Unless you're a huge cheesecake factory fan, this chain is no longer worth spending your time and money yet. Definitely avoid.
4 I made a reservation for four a day in advance. When we arrived, we were told there would be a twenty-minute wait. What?? What's the point of making a reservation then? After some cajoling at the front desk, the seemingly frustrated manager found us a table.No complaints about the service other than that rocky start. The food, however, was another story.My wife ordered what she usually gets here, the Bang Bang Chicken and Shrimp. Very underwhelming and bland. I ordered the Korean Fried Chicken. Tasted like poorly executed take out Orange Chicken with a lot of garnishes (avocados, pickled cucumber, bad kimchi). I didn't get a food review from the couple that was with us, but they ordered the Baja Chicken Tacos and the Cuban Sandwich.Not our first choice for dining out any longer but may give it another shot because of the location.
1 The Cheesecake Factory used to be one of our favorite Happy Hours in Marina del Rey ... when it was also served on the patio at Mother's Beach.  Many of our favorite users are still available -- such as Sweet Corn Tamale Cakes and Roadside Sliders -- but Happy Hour is now only in the bar. The bar is small, crowded, and loud -- not what we want for Happy Hour.
4 Busy but it's worth the wait. The service is good and the food is pretty good. My soon loved his pizza. It took the food a few extra min to arrive but it was alright. I asked for the tables out and I would wait extra min if necessary but they sat me somewhere inside..
4 Made reservation ahead of time, they are busy!! Good food, good drinks and awesome service.
4 After seeing the other reviews I was kind of hesitant but I live nearby so I wanted to try it out. It was a foggy evening and super cozy and we are only doing outdoor dining these days. They took us right away to a spot outside with a heated view of the Foggy harbor. Our waitress, Tiffany, was great! Our food and drinks were quick and delicious. We ordered a filet and white chicken chili/samosas and all of it was amazing. I was bummed at first that our bread was a bit delayed but it came out warm and fresh, still before our food came out and totally made up for the delay. Id prefer that over quick but stale bread any day. This is my new favorite location for Cheesecake Factory. The Marina view is amazing, I can't wait to come back in the spring/summer but it was perfectly cozy and enjoyable even in the middle of winter. I think there was a little wait inside for a table but we didn't want to eat inside anyway. No complaints here :)
4 It has been a long wait for everything here the last few times I've come around. Waitstaff seems to be confused on the tables and the check came so late that I started to fall asleep. It makes my enjoyment for good food and a drink after volleyball a fail.
4 It took 7 hours to prep my strawberry cheesecake? I thought preordering means it will be ready on time and I had to wait another 15 minutes for them to prep this $66 birthday gift!
2.5 Another attempt to order to go and I waited over 5 minutes on the phone.  I wanted something from the skinnilicious menu and I should've stuck to the chopped Cobb. Instead I ordered the Asian chicken salad and I think I got about 5 strips of chicken only on my plate.  I know I need to increase my greens but really, it was mostly lettuce and wontons.
4 Had to go in the restaurant to order since no one was answering the phone.  No utensils for our to go food and very little miso in our salmon.
3.5 I'm not sure why there is a 30 minute wait for 2 when I saw at least 5 tables for 2 empty. Get your shit together. Mariana the hostess was no help.
3.5 Darwon, won me over by chipping in 25 cents for my to go dinner when Nancy didn't seem to care. Thank you Darwon for your generosity. It makes me happy to know that people are good and you are a fine example of a human being. So grateful...
4 Selection of  food is tad boring & passable. Sometimes entrees are overly salty, sugary and not well seasoned. Need to expand their "healthy" flare. Service is typically good to exceptional. Most of the servers are personable and helpful. They anticipate your needs before you have to ask for something & they keep the water flowing. The bartending is typically excellent. Naturally their cheesecake is stellar, good-sized portions, & fantastic selection. Ambiance is noisy, crowded (need to remove some seating and make it more spacious for customers). Consequently, it can get stuffy in the rooms, especially when a section is packed like sardines in a tin! The bathrooms are often filthy, overflowing w/trash, water splashed all over the counter & floor. Individual stalls are characteristically nasty. it is obvious that staff don't monitor the bathrooms often enough, especially when the restaurant is bustling with waiting customers. My 86 Yr old family members love the restaurant. That says it all...
4 It was my brother birthday this place is not cool when they seen us coming they started acting prejudice they made is stay outside on the patio we ate are appetizers on the patio they didn't give us water when we tried to order drinks they shut us down ...terrible service awful service unbelievable unfriendly sad to mention
4 I should have left , when I notice the utensils stain and food still on them !!! Where to begin: pasta was not fully cooked , steak was brought out wrongly cooked !! The margaritas had MORE ICE in them way overpriced. I was not expecting this kind of service at this location, it truly BLEW MY MIND !! will not come back to this location!!
3 I like this restaurant, but this location is so crowded, super busy so come here in mind that you hace yo wait at least 30 minutes. We came just for a dessert after having lunch in Whiskey Red.
5 I went here by myself on a Monday night and my server, Shayne, was very accommodating and super nice to me! Everything came out perfect and it was delicious! I ordered the chicken madeira and then got a cheesecake after, loved it!
5 The food was good although cold but the staff esp the waiter taking care of our order was like too offensive and not good for the service business...We were one of the first tables to arrivegave very easy orders but no,the tables served we had to wait too long then the food arrived is cold of course because the food was ready but our  waiter didnot bring it right awayWe talked to manager but nothing changedSome places lack of spirit this is one of themIf you show any sign of eagerness to what you do you do it betterOr dont do it
2 Worst Cheesecake Factory I have ever been at! The service was awful, the utensils were dirty, I asked them to bring a new set, they brought another dirty set The steak knife, they brought,  was also dirty, we asked for a new one. I'd better not say what the condition of the bathroom was
5 $8 parking and impolite valet attendant. That's all that need to be said about this location.
4 Delicious food. The service is amazing and very fun ambiance. We ordered special lunches and the portion sizes are generous.
2 I think the photo says it all - yes, there is the scrumptious cheesecake. But then. . . there is the mountain of whipped cream which could be a meal on its own! Since this photo was taken, I now ask for the cheesecake and all desserts without whipped cream. I guess that saves me a few cals from the 4000 that I must have just eaten.I was a competitive, long distance swimmer so my husband and I would frequent this location OFTEN just to satisfy my insatiable hunger. Mission accomplished. One would think that something would be screwed up during one of our visits here. After all there are sooo many components that go into a terrific meal. I cannot recall ONE occasion where there was an issue with perhaps there being just too much food! But with their Skinny-Licious menu (lower cal items), I can order a ton or a reasonable amount of food!I've enjoyed every dish that I've ever ordered here. The only thing I tend to shy away from are pasta dishes as I feel I can make those at home and on the cheap. And I've had some frozen pasta served to me (NOT HERE) at other restaurants, so I just skip it. Views are beautiful! And all of the cheesecake and desserts (I love the carrot cake) are fantastic! It's shocking that this is a chain restaurant.  The service is always on point even was when we were new to the area and not yet locals. I'm amazed at the phone book sized menu - there is something for everyone! Carry on Cheesecake Factory!
3 I live very close by , so I usually put an order for pick up. The people who take care of orders over the phone are extremely rude and unprofessional. I never had a bad experience while dining; however, every single time I put an order over the phone for pick up , I deal with someone angry, unhappy, rushed and rude . Is it my accent that bothers you so much ??? What is it ??? Today, for the first time, I decided never ever tip on my pick up orders again at this location. I always leave at least 20% tips regardless of dinning or pick up because I know restaurants are struggling a lot during covid . When you don't have the courtesy and kindness to get a simple order over the phone while I am so kind and nice over the phone , you don't deserve any tips. In face you don't even deserve your job while so many people are struggling to get a job in this economy especially in restaurant business.
5 They were overcrowded or understaffed.  We had to wait 1 hour with having a reservation. When we finally were seated and ordered. 2 of the 5 orders were incorrect, and 1 order was forgotten.  By the time the last order was delivered, everyone else was done. This was not expected for this location
3 Food great. Service excellent. The atmosphere outside on the patio was nice and the people there were nice. Those lemon pancakes are so delicious and their potatoes are cooked to perfection with omelette and a side of bacon. I'll be back
3 Horrible service!Table was ready, server Sakina didn't even check on us, drinks took 15-20 minutes to arrive, waited 1 hour 30 minutes to get our food, and server still wasn't checking on us. Our food arrived COLD server got the manager Michael to come speak to us and that was useless because he didn't even say anything or help on anything he then sent manager Marie to come talk to us and for reals who hired these managers?! Marie has a VERY HORRIBLE attitude. I feel I was racially profiled because I'm Hispanic and she's white. I can see why this place has bad reviews, bad service, bad managements!
4 This is my third time visiting this location and I will not be back! My party had a 5:45 reservation and didn't get seated until 6:30.... The waiting area was extremely crowded and chaotic. We got seated and our food took a while to come out. Someone in my party ordered steak and it was not cooked right. A child plate also came out last. It was just unacceptable. Our waitress was accommodating, but the experience was just disappointing!
4 Food is always fresh and there are a lot of options to choose from. There Reese's cheesecake is the BEST!
4 I had dinner here just last night and it was a great time. My server was Tiffany and she took very good care of us. Great customer service and she moved expeditiously when it came to making sure we were had everything we needed. Thanks again!!
4 Came here for dinner tonight and other then the food being good our waiter NOLAN did an exceptional job! It's hard to find people who do their jobs with love and NOLAN did just that! Thank you Brother for your wonderful service!
4 The food was below mediocre but, even worse, took an hour to get to us and the appetizers came AFTER we were all done eating dinner. It took another 15 minutes to get a cheesecake. Meanwhile, my kids were melting down. Really terrible experience from start to finish.
2.5 AWFUL EXPERIENCE:RUDE - UNFRIENDLY - ARROGANT - ATTITUDE= the staff at this location...PERIODZero customer service Zero communication between staff membersZero tactic in speaking with customersTerrible employees assigned to front desk trying to seat people ...it just never ends from all angles... *this is my edited & way toned down version of the original review I wrote yesterday; so, imagine how you would write this in the most intense way while reading this*
4 I've been to around 18 different cheesecake factory's around the country and I think this one had the worst service from the ones that I've been to. And it's a shame because the ocean view is so beautiful. I went with my fiancé for our anniversary recently. Valet parking is $7 and we had to wait 50 minutes for a table. Once we sat down we were given stale bread and we immediately placed our order for appetizer and entrees. Thirty minutes later our waiter comes back to tell us they are all out of burgers completely. My fiancée had ordered a burger and was bummed but understood and made a new order on the spot. We had to waive down our waiter for our appetizer, lemons, sweetener, and we never received more bread or even a refill like we normally would at other Cheesecake Factory's. And when I finally received my order it was wrong. *sighs* Not the best way to spend your anniversary. Overall we made the most of it, but I want to leave this review so the restaurant can improve. No one loves The Cheesecake Factory more than I do. People spend beautiful moments here like birthdays, graduation dinners and anniversaries. Please ensure that service is kind and efficient. It was very frustrating to see tables around us who came after us given their dessert when we hadn't even gotten our appetizer! We even had to get up and get our own to go plates as our waiter had taken 20 minutes serving others instead of bringing us the containers.
3.5 We are still celebrating my daughter's birthday this month and her wish was to dine at Cheesecake Factory, she loves their cheesecakes! There were 3 of us on Saturday, 10/16/21. We arrived at the Marina Del Rey location and had our car valeted. The valet is $7 on the weekends and $5 for lunch during the week which we thought was pricey. We checked in at the front, put my name in and was told I would get a text when our table was ready. The hostess did tell me that for first available, the wait would be 45 minutes and for outdoor seating, it would be an hour. so we decided to walk the path and watch the people playing volleyball while we waited. There's always a long wait at CF! But to our surprise, we got a text within maybe 20minutes and we were seated in a nice corner spot and the best part was when this super nice and friendly hostess Brie greeted us. Brie was so sweet, she was patient and very attentive towards us. She answered all our questions, she filled our drinks even before our glass was low, she was quick to serve anything we asked and she was just perfect! What a nice treat for my daughter to be served by such warm and friendly host. Brie deserves 10+ stars from us! Our food came out quickly and fresh. We ordered fried calamari which was delicious, I ordered the jambalaya, my daughter ordered a bacon burger and hubby ordered the meatloaf. Everything was as delicious as we remembered! Love love the bread and butter! We always get filled up with bread and butter but they're so addicting lol! As good as the food was, my review is to praise Brie for giving us such a fantastic service! When a host go out of their way and go above and beyond, that really counts a lot! I love to blast this important gesture bc who doesn't want to receive an awesome service, right?! Thanks to Brie and CF for making my daughter's birthday a special one and for making her feel like a princess while she ate her favorite burger! Brie also brought my daughter an ice cream cup to wish her a happy birthday. Thanks Brie, you're a rockstar!!! Hopefully the next time we dine in, we'll get the same service and a person who is as friendly as Brie if we aren't lucky to get Brie's area. CF is located in the Marina Del Rey area, valet parking only. Check Yelp for hours.
3.5 Pleasantly surprised by my experience at Cheesecake Factory! I have never traditionally big a huge fan of Cheesecake but this location is so close to my house and has the best view so we decided to give it a try. I am thrilled that we did because that view is unbeatable! We shared a margarita flatbread to start and then I had the seared tuna tataki salad. Everything was fresh and delicious. The service was great. The brown bread even better. And the drinks pretty strong :). If only their happy hour extended until 7pm! We will definitely be back and are looking forward to sitting downstairs when the weather permits.
4 Love their Chicken Madera. Favorite meal ever. The bread is a must have. There is something on the menu for everyone (though it can take a while to read). Service is always good.
5 I always liked this place , it satisfies my ego on my birthday , enjoyed it all! The only thing I see for this four STARS, it's always packed ! I solved it always making a reservation , if not ..... you have to wait in the front area, but people wait with pleasure ! Jeje It doesn't look good at the entrance of a place ! But I guess is the style ! The service very well trained fallowing the protocols of safety and health ! The food amazing abs the candle dessert a surprise ! Enjoy while it lasts !
5 This location could have world-class architecture and be one of the best restaurants in the area, instead they decided to make a small, low ceiling, and crowded space. The outdoor section; despite the fabulous views, is an absolute train wreck. People are sitting right on top of each other and it's just dirty in some places. 9 times out of 10 I'd rather go to my hometown location in Chesterfield, Missouri where most of the things wrong here are better there. That one time I would come here would be to look at the nice view of the ships harboring away. The food and service on the other hand can be summed up as disappointing. Somehow the salmon taste weirder here than in the landlocked location in Missouri. But the service contains nice people but it ultimately doesn't matter if they can't do their job. This place needs to improve and could be a great restaurant considering location.
5 This location is so weird. The food didn't taste right at all. It tasted off. I wouldn't recommend going here.
2 I've always wanted to eat here. Finally had the chance today, what a disappointment. Majority of the staff were rude and unfriendly, this is always a huge thing for me since I have worked in customer service for over 16 years. The only decent employee we encountered was our server. The food was gross. The food my friend ordered was completely undercooked, practically raw green beans and raw potatoes. My food was flavorless. I could make better brussel sprouts and fettuccine alfredo at home. They should just stick to what they know, cheesecake. I've heard this location is one of the worst ones so maybe that's the problem.
4 Don't bother with this location. Redondo much better...To be quick ( as too much time was wasted at this restaurant):1. Server at bar area was full of attitude as we waited for him during happy hour, then he tells us we missed it when he finally arrived.2. Our server was rude and one of the worst I've ever had. We were a party of eight, and he asked in the beginning if it was going to be separate checks or one check. Since he asked, and since it is always easier to have separate checks from the get-go, we asked for four separate checks. After that, his demeanor worsened.We never got bread after we asked; my husband didn't get his cocktail until he was just about finished with meal; one of our guests had the wrong order; we asked another server for waters and to go boxes; and we weren't even asked if we wanted dessert!!!! Serious! This is Cheesecake Factory! He just gave us our checks. Of course there was already an 18% tax included as it was a big group. He didn't deserve any of it. I did go to the manager after we received our checks and complained about him, his lack of service, etc, and was told the guy was new. Not that I was looking for any handouts, but it would've been nice to have complementary cheesecake or something to make up for the crappy experience. We will NEVER return to this location and will tell my friends not to either.
3 My husband and I went to the Cheesecake Factory in Marina del Rey, CA to celebrate our 11th wedding anniversary on 11-11-22. We are seniors.We each ordered a drink. so far so good.My husband ordered fish and chips. I ordered the spicy shrimp bowl.  Halfway through my meal, I experienced lightheadness and nausea. Then I briefly passed out over my food.  My alarmed husband called over a server, not ours, who called an ambulance.The paramedics checked all of my vitals--blood pressure, heartbeat and blood-- all normal -- and left.  The manager also came over and briefly spoke to us.Our waiter, John, expressed brief concern also and then presented us with our full bill of almost $80.  The manager there didn't even offer to comp my meal, which had obviously contained bad shrimp.After I wrote a Google review, the restaurant responded and we were told to go to a website, which we did.About a month later we were emailed a Cheesecake Factory coupon for a paltry $25.  Outrageous, since our whole anniversary was ruined!On top of that, I recently looked online for the $25 coupon they offered, and it disappeared!It was a disappearing coupon! This particular location does not live up to the Cheesecake Factory's great reputation of the past.  A shame.
5 The manager would not talk to me cause I was breastfeeding!!! He said he was gonna get me a table cloth so I could cover myself and even after I insisted I didn't mind he said all other people at the restaurant minded and refuse to speak to me until I stopped feeding my baby.... That's discrimination!!!And even after I spoke to other manager and let them know that was rude they didn't care at all
2 Made reservation for my hubby's birthday and upon arrival table was not ready. We had to wait additional 20 minutes and probably waited more but my husband was able to get them to accommodate us near bar.The service was bad. Food took forever to get to our table. Had to constantly remind waiter to refill our water glasses and drinks. About the food, my daughter ordered chicken strips w/french fries from kids menu. The chicken strips were over cooked and dry. She did not like them. My husband ordered chicken fettuccine pasta more like butter pasta! It was drenched in butter yuk! The Mexican tortilla salad and the veggie Cobb salad were great. About the facilities in front, there's only 2 stalls and it was a busy day so that was irritating Will we come here again? Not anytime soon. Uffff
3 Great view! Food not a 5 star but as anywhere is this place. Generally i recommend with the outside view
2 Drove from Pasadena to eat here on the weekend with my daughter and when I get there valet seemed packed.  So I call the restaurant and rude worker said wait was 2 hours just because they don't clean the tables fast enough and don't care to provide speedy service and like to make customers wait.  Last time I go to this location.
4 I have eaten at this restaurant on a number of occasions trying different dishes.   Today I ordered take out of my favorite dish the Shrimp Scampi.  It's was awful.  They not only used precooked shrimp in the dish but breaded and refried them leaving them tough and chewy and very hard to enjoy.  I never have had this dish before at this restaurant using precooked shrimp. Anyone can tell the difference in the taste.  This was very disappointing to say the least.  I think I need to find another place because the food quality here is declining rapidly.  Will not be back.
4 Absolutely gross! This chain needs to die. We sat down and the tabletops were greasy. The menus were sticky. I had leftover food particles dried onto every utensils and grease stains too. With Covid I would think the restaurant would be more diligent on cleaning their dishes but they obviously don't wash their dishes and utensils but just dip them in water. I kindly lied to our waiter and said we had an emergency and we stood up and left before we even ordered. I cannot believe the quality control at this place is that awful. I don't even want to know how they prep and prepare their fooD if that's how they clean their dishes. I won't be coming back!
4 Great ambience. And of course the food and Service. You made my paramour happy especially on his birthday celebration!
4 Giving a rating of 3 stars because I am so disappointed with the restrooms. So disgusting, dark inside - I almost tripped.  The restrooms only has 2 stalls so tiny, old tile, no toilet seat covers, smells horrible. It's just not acceptable for a restaurant of this size and with the enormous amount of business they get. They so do better!
4 Visited today for lunch with my best friend for a quick lunch. I ordered the spicy jambalaya...big mistake, big, huge!! The sauce taste very bland like there was too much tomato broth used. Adrianna, the supervisor advised me that they don't comp your food if you don't like it...Hmmmm, you mean to tell me if I don't like something that was ordered I'm stuck with it??? What happen to customer service?  Her attitude was unpleasant and she only offered to replace the sauce which was then problem with more of the same sauce Smdh. I will not be returning to this Cheesecake Factory! Thanks for nothing Adrianna!! Black lives don't matter via Adrianna.
2.5 This is the 3rd time my girlfriend and I have ordered food from this restaurant via DoorDash and the order NEVER arrives as requested.  Tonight we ordered two Santa Fe Salads which we thought couldn't be messed up.  We requested hers with dressing on the side and mine tossed with extra dressing on the side.  We also requested bread and utensils as outlined on the DoorDash app.When it arrived:- mine wasn't tossed but there was a small container of dressing on the side - hers didn't have any dressing at all- there wasn't any bread and/or utensilsWe never have this issue with other restaurants and we're ready to cross this one off our list of potential merchants we do business with.  We ordered the most basic item on the menu and they couldn't get it correct.  I'd love to hear from someone with the organization but won't hold my breath...
4 They are so busy and they just don't care about anything.  They just point the finger and blame others even when things are clearly their fault like look at this DoorDash receipt where they're blaming DoorDash even though it clearly says that this is the only thing in the order--the order was much larger than this and this is what was presented to the door dash guy and they forgot the entire food portion of the order.
3.5 So I'm sure this is a waste of time and the Cheesecake Factory is the Cheesecake Factory so for some reason people will always go there but it honestly reminds me of the DMV. I think enough said right there. Enjoy .
3.5 EPIC FAIL. AGAIN!! I ordered my dinner at 1 PM for a pick up at 3:30 PM today. I asked for a Costelleta  chicken dinner, no sauce no mashed potatoes no asparagus, but substitute spaghetti instead of the mashed potatoes. I came in at 3:10 and told them I'm early but please make sure that they substitute spaghetti like requested. The woman at the checkout counter said that's correct. She'll make sure. I asked her again are you sure I got spaghetti and not mashed potato. She said YES!!  She showed me it's printed on the receipt. She handed my bag and off I went. You have to understand that traffic here in Marina del Rey this time of the day is on steroids. I called back because this is not the first or third time this restaurant has failed to follow simple instructions. When I called to speak to a manager I was put off because I was offered a CREDIT for a piece of cheesecake instead of telling me I'm sorry and how can we fix this. I told them I don't want cheesecake I want my pasta. Come on cheesecake. You can do better than this. It's printed right on the receipts. If your cooks can't read the receipts you need to hire the right cooks and people that know how to ensure the accuracy of an order!! Have somebody check the order before it leaves the restaurant. Your standards are at a new low.
4 I ordered three entrées, fettuccine Alfredo spaghetti and meatballs and truffle chickenThe fettuccine Alfredo was completely UNDER cooked. Wow The spaghetti and meatballs were a watery mess. Horrible They barely gave us enough bread for two of the dinners. Oh my.... amazing how you have lost your magic.. sad. Two dinners in the same meal messed up. I think we're done with Cheesecake Factory.
5 Ordered takeout last night and once again the chicken piccata was delicious. All directions were followed and food arrived at my location hot. One thing about cheesecake factory the food is consistently good. Will definitely be back and re-order delivery with DoorDash.
5 Came in tonight with the family and I had my usual chicken piccata with capers and angel hair! Perfect as always!! Kellie E was our waiter and he kicked ass!! To be honest we have been dissatisfied a number of times with our waiter not getting our meal correct. (could've been kitchen error but wasn't checked). He was spot on and super attentive. Will definitely ask for him again!PS- There is public parking down the street on Panay way and it'll cost you about two bucks for an hour and a half with the pay meter.  Easy/fast/cheap
5 So you make reservations and they decide not to reserve a table since they are to busy at the moment no call back or anything they let you show up with your party of 6 just to trun you a way .Never step foot in any cheesecake I'm done with your shameless practiceGood luck
1 Service was horrible!And our server wore plastic gloves which were greasy and dirty. We had a reservation and didn't get seated for 29 minutes. Another 17 min for a server to come and take our drink order. When we said something about it taking so long we were given attitude. My water was even dropped with enough force to splash. Food took another 30 min. And orders were wrongWe have eaten at quite a few Cheesecake Factory's and this one had sub par food quality. I always order the same thing and this one wasn't as good as it normally is. .
1 It is a Cheesecake factory.  If you have been to one, you have been to all of them.  This one sites with a view of the Marina.  We came for brunch and they don't take calls for the wait list or reservations, but there are high tops and tables in the bar that are open seating and have the full menu.  We were lucky enough to snag a table right on the window and skip the 30+ minute wait for brunch.The food is generally really huge portions of reasonably tasty food with massive calorie counts.
1 I didn't make it past the hostess check in. They aren't welcoming..... mid sentence the blonde hostess walked away. Another woman walked up and said it was an hour wait, and followed it "so are you going to wait or what? Outside is a 2 hour wait. What are you going to do?" Zero customer service. We didn't wait. You still have to pay the valet but they were friendly. I'll definitely stick to the grove.
1 Unfortunately didn't have a great experience this weekend at the marina del Rey location. I plan ahead an made reservation through yelp however it took a while for the host to assist me when I wanted to check in as she was just casually speaking to a waiter. I finally got her attention and she then stated that all reservations were cancelled. I had to wait 15 min and was ask if we wanted inside or outside seating we requested outside. When seated we ask the our waiter if we could change tables and she said she will ask the host. While waiting for our waiter to come back another table got empty. She came back and said it was already reserved so then I mention the new table that was empty she went to ask the host again and as I figured the host said no . The host came to our table and said she couldn't move us people because people reserved that table already. This was definitely not a good customer service at all no type to accommodate us in our request. Disappointed in the service provided by this host since the moment of walking in the restaurant to leaving. Wouldn't recommend the host that was there on 5/28/23 @2:30pm .
1 I have noticed an improvement in service and food over the last few times I've been here - so its time for an update on my review. My most recent visit was with the youth group from our church to have a Christmas dinner. Although the wait was the usual (30-40 min) on a Friday 6pm evening - the wait was pleasant - as we sat on the patio by the firepits having our drinks and exchange Christmas gifts. Note: there is not drink service at the fire-pit sitting area - however customers are welcome to come to the bar area and order drinks/appetizers and take them out.  We got our table within the advised time inside and it was delightful.  Food appeared fresh and well presented and drinks were re-filled without us having to hunt-down our server. At the end we order several cheesecakes to share and it was all delivered to us in a maner that it enhanced our dinning experienced... an extra plate for every cheesecake slide - so each person would have their own plate.  Brilliant!!! I appreciated this so much... it was not the usual from the past where there is one plate and 10000 forks.  I am happy to see that the customer service standard has improved for this is a place I have sort of "grown-up" with.
1 This one star is just for today. I have been coming to this location for more than 20 years.  I have enjoyed my many meals through the years. However, today I should might as well stayed home. The wait time for a booth was reasonable and the table was just what we requested.  Our server Ian, although nice and friendly was not able to get our drinks until after 25 minutes  after we ordered. Our appetizer came out shortly after the drinks.  We ordered our usual: avocado egg rolls.  This time the egg rolls look different.  At first I though.. "Are they smaller?" But then we realized they were just cut in the middle rather than diagonally as usual from one corner to the next.  And although I realize that they did taste as good as always - the presentation was definitively lacking.For our main we ordered the Cajun chicken littles with a side of their thin fries and salmon salad with kale.  The salmon salad was good: tasty and good portion.  However, the chicken littles, which is one or our usual orders was not edible.  The fries were cold and the chicken tasted as if it had been deep-fried in old grease.  In other words the frier is over-due on an oil change. I have to say that the manager was nice and attentive when he came to talk to us and admitted to the coldness of the fries (he said he tasted them) and nodded about the oil (he tried a little bit of the batter).  We didn't eat the chicken nor fries for obvious reasons and they didn't charge us for it.
5 Went to cheesecake on a very short time frame for food and the wait was roughly an hour for most of the groups waiting there but James hooked us up with a table in 15mins because he knew we were in a rush! Cool guy, we really appreciated his help!
3 Zero star:-Told there was hair in my salad and to take it away. Was still charged for it. It looked like pubic hair.- Waited 90 Minutes to be seated- Table was dirty upon being seated-Ordered A few alcoholic beverages and waiter only brought out one, even after two reminders. Finally Pina Colada arrived and appeared to have no alcohol in it and double dose reaonable sugar-Water is served in beer mugs-Soda was flat. Replacement was flat-Food was all cold and fried-Had diarrhea when I got back home-They made up wait for table for ten minutrs inside next to bar. Place was packed. Likely dangerous overcrowding given current pandemic- Place seems to be frequented by people who look like they partake in drive-by shootingsWe only went there per request of an out of town guest. Never again. In a time whoen people can write yelp reviews the only benefit of poorly managed chain restaurants is you know the calorie content if food since they are required to advertise. One small fish taco was 700 Calories. There were three more on same plate. It should be a crime to serve that many calories on one dish - thats not even a main course. I cant imagine how or why anyone would go to a place like this when we have so many amazing places in this city. If you look up the Cheesecake factories in nearby cities they all have poor ratings and reviews like mine are npt new. How can these people claim they care to improve thimhs with such poor travk record?
4 They put a crab leg in my chicken picatta. Manager was very rude and the front desk workers are slow. Do bot recommend this location. terrible quality and terrible service.  WARNING DO NOT COME HERE!!!!
4 Had the worst service of my life, we were sat down by a waiter, the restaurant was not as full as it is averagely, we stayed there waiting for 45 minutes for our waiter to return, meanwhile a party of 6 next to us walked out as well due to the lack of service, I've been to many cheesecake factories and this one in Marina del Rey is the worst one with its poor service. Mind you it was a day before Valentine's Day even with a reservation, their service was bad. They were understaffed, couldn't even give us our drinks atleast.
4 I ordered chicken piccata with mash potatoes and got it with pasta. it took 10 minutes to make this right. after that ordered short strawberries cake and it was all salty instead of sugar the bar tender called the manager who came and just repeated my complain. no other desert was suggested and it seems like the just don't care. very bad service.
4 There is an idea of Cheesecake Factory I think we all have. It's of a vibrant bustling special event restaurant. This is perhaps the result of brand goodwill built up during the early 2000s when there was less differentiation in casual dining and Cheesecake stood out because of its Vegas style interior, giant menu, free oat bread, and the possibility of cheesecake to go. In the cold hard light of the 2020s things look a bit different. The quality of the food is bad and it's overpriced. The menu is now so large it has a table of contents which brings to mind the saying "jack of all trades and master of none." The service is often rude and slow. But worst of all is the restaurant's track record of unsanitary food handling and food borne illness.Use the search function on this site or Google, and you'll find scores of reviews and articles detailing various food poisoning experiences people have had. One particular incident in Michigan covered in the news may have caused a restaurant goer to develop Guillain-Barré syndrome, a disabling autoimmune reaction that often has lifelong symptoms. The Marina Del Rey location was cited by the health department in 2016 due to a vermin infestation. I myself became extremely ill after ordering the Taco Salad this weekend and spent all Sunday sick. TL;DR maybe go to CPK instead
4 The worst service ever! They quote you one time and once that time is up they tell you to wait another hour. The manager is very rude and should not be in the service industry! I will never come back here again and will call corporate to file a complaint.
2.5 Review update. Just recvd a letter from the Cheesecake mangr Mrs Sara. Thank you for you & Holly's most sincere concern regarding the recent  experience @ Cheesecake .. My complaint wasn't to recv any compensation for the mishap. It just needed awareness & courtesy.. Our Servers were Amazing!!! If anything our servers should be commended for keeping our party entertained.... Please do not confuse our Servers, with what happened  between the Management & customer.. I expect to see the same servers when I return. It was only the matter of inconvenience & misinformation between the 2 Managers & our Party.. Thank you again for the follow-up.. And I hope to have my same Amazing servers next time I visit. Best regards,Dr Angela Moore HodgeDr MaxeyTraci Romelle Healing Hands Medical Inc
4 Update... Thanx  Mrs Holly, Manager at Cheesecake.  I was concerned as to how this was going to be handled... We only had 8 guests but were  placed 12ft apart!! Although I appreciated her follow up on this issue.. She wasn't as empathetic.. I wasn't looking for a come up. I was looking for solutions!!!. Its hard on everyone at this point . Everyone should be as pleasant as possible during  these times.. I was told to ask for her next time,  but I think I'm gonna wait  til 2021.. But i will say this... Cheesecake try to be empathetic & more accommodating to your guests. We in the medical field are working just as hard & we deserve a pleasant day off just like you!! Hats off to our Servers that day!! They were much more pleasant than the actual  Day Manager on the 9th..Good day to all & be safe.
3.5 I spoke to a manager 3 days prior to the reservation.. we had a table 8. I wanted the lower Beach Front Cafe.. The Corporation that made thereservation "Healing Hands" are in the medical profession. And should have been  treated better. Instead she stuck us in whatever they wanted us to have. When I went to ask why this happened ..the manager was still not accommodating!!! I was told we could have 3tables 6 feet in that Beach closed in area for privacy.. When my whole party arrived on 3pm  they was. No exception from this Manager. She was rude & just seated us .. Im not at all happy  with this treatment. I work with some of the most affluent people in every industry. Our waitress was pleasant & she made things alil smoother. But I will not be making anymore reservation during the 3pm hours.. Totally unsatisfied..!!!!!One star for this Manager on this visit!!!
3.5 Countless deliveries. Just for cheesecake. Well it's Cheesecake Factory so for sweet cravings,this is the best place! So one time I went to check the place since it's just around the corner to pick up a birthday cheesecake. Busy,busy and busy. (It's Saturday) The Valet is convenient but we parked in the designated pick up parking spot. Yes to that. It's right by the Marina and what a rewarding view! It's good for big parties. The bar area isn't as huge as I expected and amazingly,not busy at that time. Nothing was going in there. Outside seatings were congested as usual. The guy who helped me was kind and courteous. Had to be very patient since it was a 10 minute wait for the pre ordered 10" HERSHEY'S CHOCOLATE CC. Worth it! Ignore the bad reviews. Go enjoy your food and chill!
4 Unfortunately, our experience tonight at the Cheesecake Factory was disappointing. We arrived at 7 PM and understandably (due to Covid) we were told our wait time was about an hour to an hour and a half - however, our wait time ended up being 2 hours. We were finally seated, and we did appreciate the socially distanced tables and pretty ambiance outside. However, we saw at least 4 guests throughout our meal who walking around the restaurant without masks, and nobody was monitoring this.Now let's talk about the meal: Our food this evening was very mediocre to say the least. I ordered the Brick chicken ("fresh all natural deboned chicken, pan seared, served with Sautéed Onions and Peppers") and I added broccolini as well. I received an overcooked chicken, atop a bed of bright neon/white "broccolini", with no peppers, and maybe two slivers of onions...the chicken also had a bone in it, even though the menu claimed it was a deboned chicken. I was mostly confused about the bland, light neon, stumpy pieces of "broccolini" that resembled a science experiment gone wrong. All in all, the ambiance was pretty, our waitress was super sweet (would give her 5 stars if I could!), but the chef tonight was clearly struggling and they need better mask monitoring for patrons who are walking around the restaurant.
4 Ambiance: spacious and typical cheesecake factory decors, nice outdoor seating area with beach viewsService: very patient and friendlyFood: in general good  FRIED CALAMARI - **** Fried Light and Crisp. Served with Garlic Dip and Cocktail Sauce, recommend   MARGHERITA PIZZA - *** Fresh Mozzarella, Basil and Tomato Sauce, average  GRILLED TURKEY BURGER - ** Combined with Fresh Mushrooms, Garlic and Spices. Served with Grilled Onions, Lettuce and Tomato on a Wheat Brioche Bun, under-cooked and raw  SHEPHERD'S PIE - *** Ground Beef, Carrots, Peas, Zucchini and Onions in a Delicious Mushroom Gravy Covered with a Mashed Potato-Parmesan Cheese Crust, average  PASTA WITH SHRIMP AND SAUSAGE - **** Rigatoni with Shrimp, Italian Sausage, Onions and Mildly Spicy Peppers Tossed with Marinara Sauce and Fresh Basil, recommendPrice: generous portions and expect $20+ per person
4 What a horrible experience.   We arrived and very rudely told about hour and half hour wait time.  No greeting,  nothing.   Snot nose kid gave total attitude. NEVER AGAIN.
1 Fish and Chips are always crispy n quality white fish  maybe Cod. Also love the Carolina Salmon with a uniquely delicious succatash and sweet potato dish. The little bit of onion rings are the only thing that go abit soggy in delivery, but still taste great. I warm the fish n chips in non stick pan to crisp them up. Turns our perfectly.  The salads and dressing are top notch too. We love this place. And to top it off we can get the pineapple moscow mule delivered also. Very happy.
5 To whom it may concern, On February 8th 2023 I took my girlfriend to eat at the marina del ray location I called prior to my arrival asking if they can refrigerate a birthday cake the hostess said yes. I was greeted with a attitude from the hostess I then asked if she could hold the cake for me she rolled her eyes and said your waiter will take care of it , she then walked us to our table in the patio where I couldn't pull my seat out because of the umbrellas that were outside against the table so I sat sideways to eat dinner. The waiter rushed us to order I let it go thinking he might have a few tables inside the appetizers came I ordered dynamite shrimp I asked the waiter for a extra sauce which I never got. He didn't check on us. Finally our food came i ordered the Cajun jambalaya as I'm eating my food the I noticed the pasta was over cooked I told my server and he brought the manager to our table. The manager explained to me that the pasta was supposed to be like that. I told him no it's not but thank you.  Over all the service for her celebration wasn't what I was going for. Kinda felt like the 120 I spent was a uncomfortable spend For the service and food.
5 Food is consistently great. This location was under staffed...reservations were at 1pm but didn't get seated until 1:40pm. Service was beyond slow.
2 Menu has everything, so works great for parties with different tastes.  Atmosphere is cheerful, food, prepared well and large portions, waitstaff is always great!
4 We did have to wait very long time ( over an hour )They were severely understaffed but the staff that were working were extremely sweet . Obviously they were over worked but they were still smiling trying their best to take care of us .Waiter Tiffany offered to take our pics , bought us extra fries cause my Husband spilled it .Over all nice ambience. Worth the wait .
4 Five stars for our waiter.  He was great and took good care of us. There stars for the mango cheesecake.  It was too sweet and had an odd texture.  Didn't have that toothsome body that you normally expect.2.5 stars for the funky layout and decor of this location.  We had to go up several steps, adjacent to the kitchen to get to the odd dining room space. Felt a bit like being in a cave.And for the big finish - 0 stars for the parking lot.  $6.50 for parking?!  Is this Manhattan?  It's the freaking Cheesecake Factory in Marina Del Rey, for goodness sakes. We self parked and still had to pay that outrageous amount.  Found it offensive.Am sure the patio is great, looking out at the marina, but indoors wasn't that wonderful.  Not planning to rush back.
4 We have ordered from this location countless times during the pandemic. Our orders have always been correct and we never had issues with the staff. In fact, I have severe food allergies and I have always been appreciative of the extra care the team/hostesses/cooks/whoever have in packaging our orders. It's a busy location but the wait has never been too extreme.The absolute worst part of this location are other customers--it's a Karen convention here Friday @ 7pm in the to-go section. The people who work here must have nerves of steel to put up with the verbal abuse I've overheard from other customers. Or maybe Cheesecake Factory pays for their employees' therapy? Never in my life have I encountered such rude and entitled customers--ma'am this is a Cheesecake Factory...chillAnyway--good location if you have food allergies, I always confirm with the hostess before leaving. Parking is fine. They don't allow dogs on the patio which is a bummer--more dogs, less Karens! Overall: Always tip, & be a decent human
2 I usually like coming to the Cheesecake Factory MDR, but last night was a complete nightmare!!! We were in Marina Del Rey, CA and not only did it take an hour and 7 mins to be seated after being told it would be a 20 min wait. I have my favs that I order one of which is sweet corn  tamale cakes. They were burnt, dry and taste like they were 2 days old. They where not even hot. Then the children ordered Shirley temples and they really gave us sprite with a 1/32 tsp. of red food coloring (grenadine). They were so pale pink that you could not even taste the syrup & there was no maraschino cherry in them at all. Now these are kids sugar and cherries are what they want! (BTW we ended up being seated on the patio.) Now to top off our table experience while Lib, her friend, her mother and I were having casual conversation between bites we hear a commotion and screeches from other table guest....low and behold not 1, not 2 but 3 RATS . (Not mice but RATS y'all) are running across the wood patio deck right next to us! NOW you know I DON'T do vermin period!!! I jumped up grabbed my purse   cause I don't need nothing coming home with me. Asked for the check & went inside to talk to the manager on duty. Do you know that after explaining my experience she blamed the RATS     ON the boats.  WTF now of all the restaurants that sit in the marina they are the absolute furthest away from any boat! They are on the far edge of Mother's Beach, boats don't even get close to them, there is no dock by them like Killer Shrimp, Tony P's, The Whearehouse, El Torito..... BTW I ain't neva seen no RATS  @ any of those establishments. To keep things in context, I paid my bill 1st & then spoke to the manager. I could not believe what I was hearing from this woman. She did apologize several times, but that was the lamest excuse I have ever heard. Now I am waiting to she if she has anything else to say and she sees my reciept in my hand and says o'you have not payed your bill?.?. I am not sure if that was a statement or a question and I immediately let her know that the bill was paid and a tip was left, albeit only 10% of my bill due to 3% service. That's a story for another day. She then offers 2 slices of cheesecake after I look at her with awe & disgust in my eyes. The fact that she thinks this is acceptable as a remedy baffled me. It's 4 of us standing there. I truly didn't want anything else to eat from there 'cause I know if there are RATS  outside, they are inside too! I turned to the girls and said choose what you want. They got what they wanted and too top off the experience the bags they put the desserts in looked like they drug them across the floor. Bottom line Facebook Family steer clear of this location. I have a feeling the California Department of Public Health will be shutting them down soon! If I'm not mistaken they shut them down due to RATS some years ago, guess what?¿?¿?  The  are back!
1 The seats were dirty. The floor under the tables had trash under it. No one cleans properly after previous customer leaves. Very disappointing. Please correct this problem ASAP!!! Thanks.
4 Food tastes way worst than all of the other cheesecake factories, service is very bad and slow even the place wasn't even half full. My drink didn't come before I've finished my food.
4 Made a reservation to turn out they don't do reservations no point in having it service was bad too not Coming again
4 Food quality has went down tremendously here. I was a big fan of the jambalaya but now they use baby, maybe even frozen shrimp. Service was very slow as well, we were seated 30 min after our reservation time. The only thing good was the cheesecake that I ate at home. I won't be going back.
4 I placed an online order for Mother's Day and they forgot to add the Salmon to my pasta dish. I've been calling them for the past hour and the phone sounds lime it's off the hook.
4 The beachside view is unbeatable. The number one spot for marriage proposals in LA. Meet me here, future ex-husband. Oh and the strawberry lemonade and brown bread my life.
2.5 I really  love the appetizers.  But the entrees are trash.  Buffalo wings and the Buffalo  blasts, are fire!! They also have some either orange or teriyaki  deep fried  cauliflower  that was more appealing than  it looked. Drinks were pretty  good too. Oh and the key lime cheesecake  gave me the most satisfying craving  Everrrrr!! & THANKS SHANE at the Marina del Rey  location.
4 Best service great staff !!! Delicious food Avocado Egg Roll best appetizer . And don't forget the cheesecakes !! The tiramisu is by far my favorite
3.5 Smelly! Slow service, unaccommodating & rude. I had high hopes for this cheesecake factory; it's in the best location. So much potential. What a shame
3.5 Beautiful ambience always besides the high pitched group that was seated next booth over eventually. Overall he drinks are always on point anytimeI've gone day or night. Dinner was great and delicious.Bellinis and Georgia peach bomb But the dirty martini the Best Best location I love eating here it's my fav location for Cheesecake Factory and I'm a resident of the I E
4 My kiddos favorite place. Great food and always a variety of things to satisfy everyone. It has become more difficult during peak time but worth the wait.
4 Ok, it's the Cheescake Factory so the 5 stars is for the service. A big shoutout to Elias (waitor) and Matt (Mgr) who demonstrated why 5 star ratings exist. Upons check in this afternoon we were told about a 10 min. wait for a near empty patio. No big deal, I decided to stroll out and take a looksee to figure out which patio I preferred and seating location. Elias swooped in and asked what I needed and I just told him I was waiting for a table per the check-in drones up front. He called B.S. and dropped us into a table of our choice on the spot, got us some waters on a hot afternoon and menus, lemonade and a smile were raining on us.The rest of the meal was great and got a double order soup for my ill wife who can't eat solid foods right now. Elias was so good I called his Mgr over "Matt" and told him how much Elias rocked. Matt advise me that this is why he's a trainer, which makes sense.I tipped Elias on paper per the credit card and then tipped him again in cash which I've never done in my life. When was the last time you tipped a waitor twice? and he deserved it.I told Matt, I'm smart enough to lower my expecations with all customer service/support since last year/COVID due to the shortage of "help", which is why I was so blown away by excellent service in a dessert of pathetic service which is the sad norm. In fact, I just gave a 1 start to some overpriced sh*thole in Santa Monica trying to sell Indian food to tourist on the beach. I'm blunt, but fair. If you do well, I kiss ya, if you suck, the world will know.
1 I love The Cheesecake Factory but I have to say this is most definitely my least favorite one.  We came here with a party of 9 for a birthday dinner, half of us were extremely disappointed with the quality of the food.  My Georgia Peach tasted like water. I order this drink all the time so I know when it's not right.  They offered to replace it and the replacement tasted like they just went and added syrup to the watered down drink. The Jambalaya was also lacking in flavor .  This was a huge disappointment.
2 I gave cheesecake another chance but will not check coming back. I ordered the shrimp with angel hair pasta and I literally counted 5 pieces of shrimp. The pasta to shrimp ratio is way off. $22 for dryness and a rip-off. The waitress was accommodating so this gets 1 star. This will be my last time coming here-- On top of that, wait times are over an hour long. I waited almost 2 hours. I understand with COVID and all-- but at least pay for my $6 parking
4 this is basically a Norms by the Marina... idk how Cheesecake Factory has 1000+ items in their menu-- like hang it up.
4 I was a 5 star fan of The Cheesecake Factory up until this last visit. The loss of a star may sound silly but it meant something to me. So here we go...First the good stuff.What I still love about this TCF is the location. Close to home and if you're visiting from out of town its a special treat because its close to Mothers Beach (a great place to paddle board BTW) and theres a playground close by for the kids to goof around in. The service is as outstanding as ever. Our server was super friendly and accommodating to our every request even though it was super busy. Well played.The food is always great! If you're gonna take a break from a diet plan it may as well be wrecked here. Most meal are over 1000 calories (even some of the salads)  and that doesn't include the cheesecake. I had the Bacon BBQ burger with fries. A burger served up with more bacon than anyone needs and a pile of onion rings on top! A must try! There is a 'Low Calorie' menu as well but whats the point? One goes to TCF to enjoy life with friends and family.Then came dessert. Where my heart sank.After scanning the dessert menu up and down several times over, I asked the server where the apple cinnamon cheesecake was? "Oooooh sorry sir, thats been removed from the menu." . I must have been the only shmuck ordering it? So yeah...for this reviewer the loss of the only dessert that mattered to me being taken out costs The Cheesecake Factory a star.Oh well. La vida sigue I suppose.Misc: Expect to wait at least 20-45 minutes. We opted for 1st available and were seated outside within a reasonable amount of time. The patio has plenty of heaters plus a better view of the bay and sail boats.Valet parking or a long walk from the public lot. The lot is metered I think?Overall: The Cheesecake Factory still remains a great place to get a great meal and lighten up your wallet. But for the price one gets a memorable experience. Yeah I'm bummed that the one cake I was craving is gone but I'll get over it. Still plenty of options. Please tip your server accordingly.Cheers.
3 This location has THE WORST customer service!  I have only gone to this particular one out of convenience since it's the closest to my home but NO MORE. I don't understand who manages this particular location but they need to do some serious evaluations of the staff. I had a curbside pickup with a 7:11 pm, 15 minutes later, I still hadn't received the "text" from the restaurant that my order was ready so I called them. The older man who answered the phone said something unintelligible so I asked "Is this the Cheesecake Factory?"Him:  YeahMe:  I went onto explain I'd been waiting for a text so I wanted to know if my order was ready. Him: What's your name?Me:  (gives him my name)Him:  What kind of car are you in and where are you parked?Me:  (gives him the details)Him:  Hold on.  Let me see if it's ready. *Music plays*He sidles up to my car while I'm still on hold for him. Hands me the food and says "here"Nothing else. I hang up the phone. Check my order and leave. Side note:  if you're going to charge almost $10 for a slice of cheesecake, don't skimp on its size!  This place is a rip off!So ALL Guest Services took from this review was my Side Note about the size of their slices...no mention of the abysmal customer service. Thanks, your lack of attention to that major issue is all that I need to never give my money to this particular location again. Thanks.
4 Absolutely love love love the lemon garlic shrimp pasta this is my go to plate and when I want something spicy I order the spicy chicken chipotle pasta. Both are filling and the pasta is made perfectly. The sauces on both go well with the bread served. Will definitely be going back for more.
5 Everything was perfect - service great and made my friend's birthday lunch!  Been coming here for years with my children, grandchildren and friends.
1 I don't know why this place gets low reviews. I grew up coming here and while the menu is a bit overwhelming because of all the options, I've never tried anything I didn't. It's located right on mother's beach, so you can have lunch then relax a little but the no wave beach. I personally love the chicken avocado club sandwich so I usually stick to that. But their skinnylicious menu also has so much to offer for half the calories. And don't forget the cheesecake!!! White chocolate raspberry cheesecake is my favorite. Parking is valet only so bring some cash.
1 Shame on you Cheesecake Factory........ We had a party of eight people and we set at your table for over 2 hours and the waiter didn't even offer water, bread or cheesecake for dessert! The service was absolutely despicable. No one checked on us to see if we liked our food, we had to wait 20 or 30 minutes just the flag the waiter down for nothing, absolutely horrible. The service was so downright horrific but yet when the check came there was his 18% gratuity on our bill? We were blown away. As a right of gratitude, the waiter should have returned the money for his horrific non-service that he gave us. Never again. The prices were outrageous and the service was beyond horrific as there was no service. Like I said, shame on you Cheesecake Factory. And now I see all of the terrible reviews. I wish I would have checked out the reviews before I offered to take a party of eight of my friends to this overcrowded, overpriced and ridiculous restaurant.Never again just like all the other unhappy people that had a brutal experience at $400 later.
4 WORST CHEESECAKE FACTORY EVER!!! Save your money! I called the restaurant after picking up my to go order and the chicken isn't seasoned at all! They didn't even bother putting the chicken in a pan because the flour that it's coated with is a gooey disgusting mess! The general manager needs his "proof" before agreeing to do anything for me. I spent $25 on this. I'm at work, I live 45 minutes away and he needs me to come in after a long day and before I can drive home to show him what I'm complaining about. I have NEVER been so poorly treated at any location ... EVER! Disgusting food. Disgusting service. You need proof for $25!!!?Well here it is!!! The stuff you see on my fork is what I scraped off of my chicken!
4 The food and location were excellent.. as was the server. But the 2 star rating is because of the hostess. I made a reservation online because I knew that it would be busy on a Saturday lunchtime - I arrived to be told by a very unfriendly hostess that I would still have to put my name on the waiting list and there was a 30 minute wait even though I had a reservation. When I finally got a table and seated the same hostess came to tell me that if my friend didn't arrive soon that I would have to give up the table. The way she did it was not very friendly. Bad customer service. There was only one restroom for this large location. I will never eat here again.
4 We keep returning for the consistently great service! Erik is our favorite server, he goes above and beyond but I'd he isn't working, everyone else we've had has been wonderful. The menu has something for EVERYONE and the food is consistently good.
4 This place is the worst cheese cake factory I've ever been to. The server was rude and abandoned us without telling us who the new server was. They only served one plate and forgot about the other 2 people. Talked to the manager but unfortunately still sent over a waiter and didn't help us himself.  What a waste of time and money.
4 If you like being taken advantage of and lied to, this is your place.Drinks scheme to charge more for less ($16 house wine,  tiny size Sangria).  Food portions much smaller than in the past.  After the first small bread basket is brought out and emptied, the server will tell you their bread machine is broken down so they don't need to bring out another basket!Very hot plate handed to our guest who almost dropped it with no apologies given.Horrible customer experience for the $140 paid here for this Birthday celebration.I raised these issues to our server but nothing was done except take my credit card.   No manager was ever sent over.
2.5 You can never go wrong with the food here and the brown bread is a must. The outdoor terrace is lovely and overlooks the water, which is a nice bonus. They have valet parking for $7 otherwise metered parking in the area. The attendant and host were super kind and accommodating. Will return even if just for the lovely view!
4 Racist? My friends and I were dining in and our waitress needed to be braked. She brought over our temporary server Chad and introduced him to us. A few moments later our waitress came back with a new person to break her and cover our table. We asked what happened to Chad and our waitress said "he didn't want you guys". It made us all feel extremely uncomfortable and ruined our entire experience.
3.5 This review is about the GENERAL MANAGER MARK BEAVER, this guy obviously has no idea how to treat guests that visit his restaurant. Worst GM I've ever experienced in the hospitality industry!!!  He claims you can't substitute a veggie patty in a happy hour burger... I literally live across the street and have ordered this here 25+ times!!! It's never been an issue and this sorry excuse for a GM made a scene about this so I had to call Cheesecake Factory's corporate office to straighten him out. I explained to him that I order this all the time in many other locations. He claims that all his staff and all the other Cheesecake Factories are wrong  and not doing their job correctly, he thinks he's the only correct person. I asked him to show me a policy or something in writing to defend his claims and he was unable to do so. Completely unprofessional and horrible representation of the Cheesecake Factory. I called the corporate office and they DO NOT condone his actions.  Marina Del Rey needs a new General Manager ASAP!!!Thanks for wasting my lunch break, I didn't end up eating anything. I hope you're happy with your disgusting service. Didn't even get any bread...  I should invoice you for wasting my valuable time.
3.5 I ordered take out, which I've been doing for the past few years. I had the bistro shrimp pasta and it was very disappointing, the pasta sauce was bland and tasteless, I had to add salt to make it more appetizing. It was also watered down. I had requested as an add in the steak for an additional $7.00 but was also very disappointed when I got 3 very small pieces with a chewy and tough texture.
4 This review is strictly for Nolan. He was by far the best, most professional waiter we have every had at any cheesecake factory location. He was on top of everything, friendly, patient, even when they were out of a bunch of menu items because of shipment problems. He had a ton of tables to attend to and was honestly one of the best waiters I've ever had at any restaurant. Cheesecake factory, don't take Nolan for granted!
1 Review is only for the happy hour from 4-6. Mixed drink selection is a bit limited - 4 total, $8.50 each. Of course the drink we both wanted (Blood Orange Aperol Spritz), isn't on HH menu. I also tried the HH mojito. It was on the more bitter side. Wish they would add chicken wings to the HH menu. I attached pictures of all the options they have. Potstickers are delicious. Just feel like we didn't get a great value here and the service was so so.
5 It pains me the reviews are so dreadful about this cheesecake factory. I would say the view alone is owed 4 stars at the least. For those complaining about the food, I have to say, you know you're coming to cheesecake right? It's not some mom & pop delicious secret menu or $100+ steak at maestros. This is cheesecake factory... the food is always going to be cookie cutter, lack of innovation, all american contemporary food. It's not gastronomical because that's not what you came here for. It's for knowing the menu inside out, having their free brown bread which is a staple, and ending your night with their endless versions of cheesecakes. I do agree, it's a little unnecessary to charge $8 for parking because look around, this isn't the neighborhood to do it. But I don't hate this cheesecake because I know what im getting with food, service and the best part is ain't no cheesecake going to have this view.
5 I enjoyed the cheesecake I took home. Unfortunately we sat inside and it was pretty warm, outside seating was not available for 5 people. A man was seated very closely too me and he had a dog. I prefer not to eat with animals.
5 This place is almost always amazing, the staff is great and helpful, and being able to make reservations on Yelp is a huge timesaver.
1 Another great experience had at The Cheesecake Factory. For my first time at the Marina Del Ray location, the staff was extra friendly and accommodating consider our large party size. The food was prepared with care and we all had an amazing experience. Definitely will be returning to this location soon.
1 The food was ok but I like that the tables are spaced for social distancing unlike other restaurants that are trying to lack the ppl in!The drinks were OVERPRICED an watered down!I'll be back but won't be ordering a cocktail!
1 Decided to have lunch here halfway through my shift. This place was like a poster child for the ideal Cali business. It was diverse inside & out, staff & consumers. Well managed, well kept. Blake, Tray, all the staff served with a smile. They dressed in uniforms particularly a young lady (hostess) whose outfit was fashionable yet youthful. Valet varies from $5-$7. Helped us & respected my property even when my phone hid itself from me in the car. Radio station left on the Wave. The images below are from the adjacent parking lot where you can park if you dont mind  walking.
5 Great food great energy right off the beach children come play in the sand before we sit down and eat with COVID-19 to be able to have a good play experience in a good food experience it's even 10 times better than just a food experience or a play experience LOL
1 Horrible service. Did not come by to refill our cups or ask if we wanted more refreshments. Didn't see Joseph for over a hour. Plus he gave himself a $73 dollar tip. Which was worth more than how much our food came to. And have to pay for parking this place sucks! Never going back
1 I'm not sure what happened to this restaurant but stay away from pick up orders!Ridiculously small portions for the starters, overcooked and overpriced.  $9 for 9 tiny shrimp! $9 for 6 small stuffed mushrooms the list goes on.  We usually love this restaurant but you don't get what you pay for anymore!
3 One of my favorite chain restaurants of all time! I love the shrimp scampi and stuffed mushrooms the most. Also, my favorite appetizer are the fried zucchini, and my favorite cheese cake is the Dos De Leche Carmel one.
1 I came into this Cheesecake Factory for dinner and was seated right away, which was great! But then I sat at my table for 10+ mins without a server coming by to even acknowledge we were there. I asked several servers if they could help me figure out who was assigned to my table to no avail. I decided to leave after waiting so long and gave the feedback to the "'manager", she was not apologetic at all. Awful service!
4 This food was terrible and cold...and also this manager Adriana is very unprofessional and racists..I had a birthday party and it was a tragedy..I came early to reserve my table for 4oclock so I made it a point to come at 2 since I had a large party so I had to walk in early...so when my party arrived at 4 since  my party was reserved for... My dinner party and my self was still sitting in the bar area until 6pm because of this b**** Adriana the manager..my birthday party was ruined and it was no accomodations...they need to get a new management team  or I'm calling BBA
4 The mask nazi aka hostess was a complete jerk. Told me to wear my mask until my food arrived before even seating me. Then proceeded to let people in without a masks. I live across the street and forgot my mask. I asked and tipped  the valet for a mask. Walked back in and a dude without a mask was seated with no issues. She was BEYOND rude. Also it makes no sense to wear a mask till you eat when you'll be taking it off anyway. She was an asshole and gave a very poor representation of the place. Bartenders and food were great but she def should not be the person you first encounter. She also was talking poorly about me because I spoke my mind. I'm all for masks etc but this was BEYOND. To you lady zero stars....
4 Never a bad meal. Always consistent. And an absolutely amazing menu. The portions are big. You definitely get your money's worth.
4 Brian is a all star waiter, thank you for the great service. I've came to this cheesecake before and haven't had the greatest experience but this man deserves all the credit. We always come to this spot with my big family and as you can imagine it's not easy serving ten or more people when everyone randomly says what they want.
4 It was ok. The wait times were a bit ridiculous despite having a reservation.  The staff are clearly overworked. Considering the other food options in the area, we could have done better.
2.5 Love this location because of the view of the harbor. Actually came here to celebrate a birthday. Party of 3. There was no seating outside, so we had a nice booth by the window, and still enjoyed a nice view of the water. The food was great, as usual. The only reason I can't give this location 5 stars is because of the service. It just took way too long to get drinks. To get bread. My son waited 10 minutes to get Parmesan for his Alfredo. I had informed the hostess that we were celebrating a birthday. I had seen the staff sing HBD to 2 other parties, but never came to our table to do the same. Like I said, food & location was great. Valet guy was so polite! Service was lacking that day.
4 Eric Wilson The best waiter... he helped us so much, was very pleasant and trying to help with everything. We will come back just because the service and food were excellent. Thank you!!
3.5 We have sat both inside and outside in the last couple of weeks and outside is definitely better on a nice day, inside was crowded and loud. The food though on both occasions was a nice surprise. We have used this chain in Sarasota and Cleveland but the food here is definitely better than those. Only complaint was that the chicken tacos were rather bland, but the other meals of calamari, pasta and surf n turf were all excellent. Definitely be back.
3.5 Land of sub par food at double the price... but I still come here every now and then.Seared Ahi gets 4/10. Fish was pretty solid quality, but it's the fluff of everything else that loses out. $18 for some fish over a bunch of rice with wonton crisps and lettuce. MORE FISH PLEASEEEEBuffalo Blasters gets 7/10. This is pretty good. It's like an inverted buffalo wing that is fried. I'd recommend if you're feeling that bar food vibe. Pasta. Not sure what it was called... my bad. But it was whatever. It's like a spaghetti that isn't. I don't know. Whatever it is. Not worth. That's how bad it was. But like I'd come again. It's just not worth the price point for the quality. I think it's the options that gets me. I don't even like cheesecake
4 The food at all Cheesecake Factories always amazes me. Fresh made to order and amazing flavors. We had a great server. She was so attentive and friendly  . The hostess was the worst experience I've ever had. She was rude and huffy. She sure didn't like to be accommodating. I asked to to move tables due to the cold breeze from the door and got huffy. I asked her to please not be upset with me...and she clearly was. Just not a great welcoming into the restaurant. Food and service was great.
1 When you say cheese cake factory what comes to mind well let me tell you I had the worst experience ever . I had to get 3 managers and the situation still got out of hand .. My  Waiter ( Carlos ) was so rude had me sit there 45 mins with no hospitality at all we wanted a Sunday lunch on the marina. Instead we got a nightmare from the CCF and had to pay for the rudeness go figure.  I guess they hire anyone with no background check .. Dear cheesecake factory please do better .
1 Went to this location with a couple of friends. Love this restaurant and had not have any issues until this time around. The server took our orders wrong even after clarifying. We had to wait for her to fix the issues, some friends just bit their tongue and ate their food just to not bother and wait even longer. They brought out the bread til the end when the bills came. Just HORRIBLE service honestly what a waste of our money. Never returning. Beautiful location, too bad the service is not up to par. Name of server on receipt is Quiana S.
4 This Cheesecake Factory is absolutely horrible. Not only did we have to wait over an hour to get seated when we made a reservation beforehand, but the manager was rude, ruining my friends birthday.One star for our sweet waiter, but don't bother to come to this one. Just go to the one in Santa Monica.
2 Service here is awful! We've been a couple times because it's right next to a nice outdoor park, and it's always always slow! We arrived today at 7pm - took 30mins for our drinks to arrive and we didn't order our main dish till 8pm because of the lack of service. We had to call a manager who finally took our order. We also had to ask for plates and utensils.If you want good service, this ain't it!
5 By far the worst encounter I've ever had from a food place in my life. First, let me say I've been come to this specific location for over 15 years with large parties. My family size on a regular day is 11 people. This particular time I was celebrating my father's birthday and there was a total of 17 of us I called the day before they told me to come down two hours prior to our reservation to put our name on the list and that we will all be seated together once our party was all there. Long story short we waited a hour they didn't seat us, then when I asked about it they said we wouldn't be seated together anyway. The manager was extremely rude and nonchalant in "I don't care, oh well" type of manner. Long story short we had to go to killer shrimp.  down the street which was a better vibe all together. Just a lot of misinformation from the manager/managers to the hostess's
4 Great service and beautiful views from outside seating area. My favorite location of TCF in Los Angeles. Nice beach, great for families
4 I love Cheesecake Factory and with my brother never having been I took him and a friend to the Marina Del Ray branch. Big mistake. Having been seated we three waited 25 minutes for a waiter. Once we ordered it took another 30 minutes for the food to come out. Being allergic to dairy and eggs I had specifically requested none on my food so I was disappointed when my meal arrived with dairy. I asked if the food had dairy or eggs and the waiter said he didn't think so! I told him to please take it back as it looked like the meal which was salmon had a dairy or mayonnaise dressing on top. The waiter scooped it up apologised and said he would be back. Meanwhile my friends meals were getting cold as they tried to wait for my meal to arrive. 35 minutes later my salmon replacement arrived but by that point I'd lost my appetite and my friends Chicken Blt was stone cold and half eaten along with his soggy cold fries. I complained to management and they removed the un eaten items then brought me a cheque for $40 for one meal that was eaten in dribs and drabs and my red sangria - the only thing I ended up consuming at the restaurant.I asked what compensation I was actually getting in light of the fact that I now had not eaten and my friend had only half eaten. I was then offered a cheesecake - worryingly they still were not getting the dairy allergy!! When I explained that I couldn't eat cheesecake I was offered something else but as we had made plans to go elsewhere time was sensitive and I really did not feel to eat anymore. Lastly when I spoke to the manager and told him I was disappointed that I wasn't even offered my drink as compensation I was told by the manager that they could not remove alcohol off the bill. Being in hospitality the least they could of done would be cancel the cheque as a gesture of goodwill for such a poor quality of service where 3 people go out to eat and don't. Isn't the point of eating out to enjoy the experience ? Isn't that why you pay the charges that come with that experience ?  Poor hospitality and even worse customer service. Pick another Cheesecake Factory.
1 My overall rating of 3 stars is for our service and meal.  The bathrooms get ZERO stars!  I took out-of-town guests here for an early dinner.  We had an attentive server on the patio who was very patient with my friends who were undecided on what to order.  The view of Mother's Beach from our table was fab and relaxing.I thought my drink and entree were expensive for what I received.  Clearly you're really paying for the atmosphere.  My margarita was adequate.  I ordered from their "SkinnyLicious" menu.  My chopped salad was mostly lettuce, with a wee bit of avocado, and skimpy on protein, with very little chicken and bacon.  Delighted with the salted carmel cheesecake - YUMMY!  So, it's an okay place for drinks, appetizers, and desserts, IMO.  I was pleased that valet parking was only 4 dollars before 4p.Bathrooms absolutely hideous!  I visited them just before 4p, and they were so messy, it was a HUGE turn-off.  If I had not been with friends who wanted to eat here, I would have walked right out without ordering. Plus, I'd already paid the valet. I always think that if the restrooms are that dirty, what shape must the kitchen be in?
1 Had reservations, fast and easy to do online but was a bit of a wait, and was really crowded in the entryway, but over Great service and food
5 Made reservations but they couldn't find them, they were still able to seat us reasonably quickly.  Sad the cabanas were not open, but the food was excellent!
2 This is horrible!!! Food is trash worthy. Literally , looks like they picked it from table scraps . Broccoli is rotten and burnt Sandwich is soggy and Chicken is hard as a rockThis place should be shut down. I'm contacting corporate Monday .
2 I would do 3.5 stars if I could but, it's a Cheese Cake Factory so it's has the same plates as all the rest but what's special about this one is the ambience.   How many Cheese Cake Factory's sit on the water with a marina view?  On a perfect sunny  spring southern California day, you can't beat it.  All I wanted to do was drink bloody Mary's and melt into my chair but I had my kids with me so.....Great place to hang with the family, you have mothers beach in front of you and surrounded by bike paths.
3 I don't expect my orders to be prepared fast at any Cheesecake Factory, but I ordered a whole cheesecake (frozen) and a whole wheat loaf. The online order system gave an a ready time of about 30 minutes later. I got a text that the order was ready sooner than I expected, but I was still 10-15 minutes away. When I arrived there was some issue with my order and I waited another 7-10 minutes. Their order taking systems are all out of whack or there aren't enough people to handle orders.
1 It's a great place to come with family for graduation the staff were very nice and the bathrooms were really clean
4 Went to pick up my online order and was disappointed at how disorganized everything was. Even though I had gotten a text that my order was ready i had to get in line behind people ordering to go food while my food cools off. Everyone was masked but just about everyone with a face shield had it on top of their heads.
4 The Cheesecake Factory is one of the classic restaurant when I think of LA dining. I used to always go to the Brentwood location but when that closed I started driving to the Marina one.My recent visit I came with my father for his birthday. We came during lunch so it wasnt a long wait for a table. However I really wish they would take reservations. Our server was very friendly and she gave great recommendations on what to order.I decided to get the Shrimp Scampi with Steak. The steak was cooked to my liking and the shrimp scampi was cooked in a garlic-butter sauce. The food was delicious and left me very full. However my father and I split a cheesecake slice also because of his birthday. The waiter even got others to participate in a birthday song. Truly fantastic service!One thing to keep in mind is that they only have valet parking and its not free. However it is a big lot and I've never seen it full. Also try to save room for one of their incredible cheesecakes. They seriously have one in pretty much every flavor!
4 It's such a cute location . The wait time is a bit long, but I love their outdoor patio and their drink menu .Servers were super nice and food was decent.
4 The manager, Adrianna, still charged me after I bit into a piece of plastic. The size of the plastic was the size of 2 quarters. She was rude and didn't seem to care that her kitchen was a health hazard, The bartender, Tiffany, was no additional help. I'm sure she could do nothing but she didnt want to do anything even if she could. Servers were coming up to the bar and eating and going back to tables without washing hands. I knew better going to a Cheesecake Factory but this location is unsanitary. Adrianna, the manager, is disrespectful and has no experience in customer service
4 Huge menu. Food was pretty good. Server was good enough the restaurant was too dark to easily read the menu where we were seated. Cocktails were good.
2.5 Yesterday, I went to happy hour with a friend at this particular Cheesecake Factory. A family member of mine warned me not to go to this restaurant because she saw a mouse in the summer at the same restaurant. However, I decided to give it a shot. Now, the first thing I saw was a group of individuals walk into the the bar with a dog. Mind you, the dog did not have a harness labeled "service dog" or "support dog." The dog looked like it was just the family pet. I was thoroughly disgusted to see this dog in the bar as I was about to eat my food. I feel they should not allow dogs that are not service animals. Now, I will talk about the food. We ordered the sliders, pot stickers, crab artichoke dip, and fries. Everything was good except the crab artichoke dip. The dip taste as if it was old, stale, and had zero flavor. It was so bad that my friend and I took one bite and pushed it away. I definitely would not order that dish.Also, by the end of our dinner we saw ANOTHER dog leave the bar area. Someone had their Labrador underneath the table. I feel that if you must bring your dog, keep it in the patio area. Especially if the dog is not a service animal. Aside from that, the other three items of food that we ordered were fine. Unfortunately, I will not be going back to this particular Cheesecake Factory anytime soon.
4 what makes this cheesecake factory better than the others is it's cute location and amazing employees! When you go here ask to sit outside because it's honestly really cute and a change compared to the other cheesecake factory's that are usually found in malls. The employees were all so nice! I forgot all their names unfortunately but the hostess and our waiter were the best! The waiter was patient with us and was talkative which we loved and were surprised because waiters are usually busy and running all over the place. The food was good, like it always is at The Cheesecake Factory (if you order the right things!) so nothing special with the food.
3.5 I love the Cheesecake Factory, The food is really good and the portions are huge, the view of the Marina Del Rey harbor is amazing! The service is really good and the employees are very friendly, They are going above and beyond with the covid safety protocols as well!
3.5 Service was horrible. But forget about the service. Let's talk about the rat we saw on the deck where we were sitting! A rat was on the tables right behind us. We told the wait staff and she did nothing! Did not even offer to pay our bill. Will not go back. We were left alone to deal with the rat. Disgusting!!!
4 I was pretty sure someone would have already found the vaccine, before I got to the front of the line to get my order.I'm not sure what the heck was going on with management here today...but I honestly felt sorry for them.I was ready to jump in and help, if my wife weren't already crying to me on the phone how her Mother's Day dinner was ruined and it's all MY fault. ‍70 people still ahead of me, to pick up pre-paid orders.Forget it.Cut my losses and headed to In-N-Out instead.I wonder if people are still waiting in line One star for the service, and one extra star for the view of the Marina from the parking lot.
1 The menu is a book of delicious offerings.  Sit outside, the view is beautiful.  Of course delicious desserts.  Service was great.  We'll go back.
2 Another great lunch visiting my Daughter at LMU. We always get the same fantastic dishes....Tuscan chicken, skinnylicious pasta, factory chopped salad and of course the favorite factory nachos. Excellent as always. A special shout out to Dallas, excellent customer service, friendly, funny and attentive.
3 Celebrating my daughters 18th birthday with the NorCal family. A great place for families: tons of choices and excellent food coupled with an exceptional service staff. My daughter loved her birthday dinner and the entire table love Brandon, our waiter par excellence!  He was very attentive, engaging and made our table feel special. We can't wait to celebrate many more events here as our daughter finishes her 4 years at Loyola Marymount. Many thanks to the Brandon and the entire Cheesecake staff for making her birthday extra special!
2 Called in 15 minuets before arriving just to check wait time and I was told it was about a 15 minuets wait and that we should be ok when we arrive, but he didn't even ask where we were coming from. Hmmm!  Checked in upon arriving and was told it was a 30 minuets wait.  I requested a booth and was told it would be an extra 10 minuets so now I'm up to 40 minuets in wait time, only to be seated an hour and 15 minuets later and NO booth!  2 hours into sitting, all done with the appetizers that were brought out, awaiting for refills and still no main dishes. One of the appetizers was brought when we were ordering dessert.  We arrived at 7pm and had to ask for our bill at 10:20pm.  If you've got time to kill, then go to this location.  The Lack of Service  and Lack of Management is so TERRIBLE, that after all the frustration, it's actually comical!!!
5 I would have contacted a manager...but again i took my steak to go, and once I discovered it was shoe leather it went in the trash. I grew up coming to this location,  but I won't be back for food....
1 So i just left this location...had an amazing time at the bar with Dominick and Leo and their service was impeccable! Ordered wings...some of which were raw and Dominick squared the issue away quickly with manager! Ordered a medium  rib eye to go... and it was visually beautiful,  but it was tough as shoe leather and chewy.... The drinks were great, service great but neither of my meal options were good. 33 damn dollar for a tough medium cooked rib eye?? Come on ‍
4 Amazing food (as usual) and even better service. Thank you, Jason! 5 Stars without a doubt!
1 The worst Cheesecake Factory I've ever been to. The food was alright, just don't forget your credit card with the check because over the next few days you'll find several hundred dollars worth of fraudelent charges on your credit card statement. I came here for dinner on a Friday, left my card after paying, came back a couple of hours later for it & was taken to the "lost & found" section where I was greeted by a scowling manager who certainly took her time when she went to the back to grab my card. Whether it was her or my server, Brian, who took down my card information, I don't know. I'd certainly lean towards the terse manager. Regardless, I definitely won't be coming back here because over the next few days I had hundreds of dollars worth of fraudulent charges from another restaurant in the area (C&O Cucina).
1 Great view and stellar services. It was Easter Eve, unusually very cold outside, there's only one choice while I spent my time with my friend in Marina Del Rey. We got into this restaurant to get warm, there's lots of people on the list ahead of me around 6pm on Saturday. Since I was not a big fan of Cheesecake Factory, I waited at the entrance for 40mins without any idea to do something. However, I was so stunning as I seated by the window where I could see the Marina Del Rey anchor. It was gorgeous view of great deal of Yacht, the water, and sea birds flying and the gas lamps burning at the patio. Even though the sky was low, even gloomy, unusually dark, inside was cheerful because of the warmth of steamy food, glasses of wine and the nicest waitstaffs. Ever since this day was one of the busiest day of the year, but the waitstaffs really nice to make me feel I was in the five star hotel.We had a Carne Asada with rice and elote, an old style hamburger with fries, and two glasses of wine. As known, it was huge portion and yummy. , I am gonna recommend this area, where people are so nice and the great view.
1 Take your time and money to a place that appreciates you, not here.I placed a curbside pickup order and received an email that said to pick up at 3:53PM. The same email also said to please wait in my car and that I would get a text and someone would bring the food out to me. I called at 4:10PM asking what is happening and they said to just keep waiting. I called again at 4:23PM (30 minutes AFTER my pick up time) and was told to go to the tent. She was confused about me receiving an email. At this point, I am completely sunburned. The guy at the tent said curbside pickup does not exist because they are short staffed and to ignore the email's pick up time. It takes about 40 minutes from placing your order. I'm not upset with the staff but I'm upset with corporate for offering a nonexistent service.When I got home, my cheesecake melted and my fries were soggy so they ended up in the trash can after all that. I'm now ordering some aloe vera to treat my sunburn. So much for spending $140 here. I'm going to boycott this place from now on.
1 Restrooms were filthy. Bugs in the windows at booth seating which means they don't regularity spray. Waitress Quiana kept disappearing while the table across from us the guy serviced them 5+ times. They placed our silverware on the table then brought out a napkin afterwards which was nasty. Glad we didn't have to use them. Would not recommend. And we never received our bread but the people behind us did.
4 For anyone who wonders about parking- its $7 regardless of self-park or valet.Service was terrible. Long story short, we were told at the end that our waiter walked out of the job, but with half empty restaurant it took two managers and 2 waiters to get 2 bottles of beer. Food was ok. The club sandwich was dry, but everything else looked good.Definitely not worth the drive.
4 Love the CCF. Been a loyal customer for years. Honestly probably spend about $500 a month here. This location is really full of rude servers. I know we have a crisis now and people are on edge but I have been ordering a couple hundred of dollars worth of food the last cpl or weeks and 75% of the staff I speak to are so curt, rude and/or so unhelpful that it seems like they don't care about serving their customers. Restaurants are 85% down in sales. Should I go somewhere else? This location is telling me to by their actions. We are having a crisis in this country. Teach your staff that all customers satisfaction matters right now and to bend over backwards to make them feel welcome. I'm so kick back and cool and I tip like a fool. Writing this review means you really offered poor service.
4 I really like the Cheesecake Factory, the food is simple but it always tastes great. Then why do I give this place 3 stars? Let me explain. I ordered a take out a couple of days ago. In 5 minutes after that, I got a call from them and they told me that they did not have the noodles I ordered, I chose a different pasta. However, when I hung up, I called them back(in 20-30 sec) and ordered something else. A girl on the phone put me on hold and I have waited for 4 minutes for her reply. I called them once again and the same girl replied: " Oh, right(laughed), give me a second to change it". I have waited for 4 more minutes and hung up again. Obviously, this staff member was not interested in helping me out and I felt neglected. When I came to pick up my order, they said that they had not change my order and I had to eat what I did not want to eat because I was too hungry and did not want to be a problem to the staff. The host lady was not nice as well(it was the end of the day, and I understand that she was tired). The food was great as always but customer service is not the greatest. The last time I came there, it felt like our waitress wanted us to leave as soon as possible. Maybe we should stop coming to Cheesecake Factory at the end of the day to get a better experience.
4 we decided to take advantage of the fact that cheesecake factory now takes dinner reservations. We made a reservation for five people at 7:30 PM. We arrived and went to check in and we're told that it would be about a 40 minute wait for a table. What is the point of a reservation? We were so dismayed we left and went elsewhere. I do not expect to return in the future.
4 Shout out to your awesome employee Brendan, who went above and beyond to make the individual cheesecake slices look like a cohesive cake because I failed to ask for it in my order ahead of time.
2.5 We were told wait would be 30-40 minutes, it was a little over an hour. It took a while for our drinks to be out. They even had no bread ready, but when it did come out it was warm and soft! I wasn't too hungry, so I ordered a cheese quesadilla from the appetizer menu and it did not fail to impress me! It was delicious and cheesy. Our waiter was really nice. Keep in mind this is a busy place since the beach is also near by!
4 We have been to The Cheesecake Factory a few times. It's not the top of our hit parade. Mostly, because it's crazy busy and there is always a wait. The food is always good though. We go when friends invite us to go out and they pick. We've had a few different things on our own but we've also done appetizers and 4 entrees with friends where we've shared and tried lots. It is fun and you get lots of flavors. They have a great apps, favs are their chopped salad, Caesar Salad, crab bites, roasted pear & blue cheese flatbread, and Dynamite Shrimp.  My favorites entrees are farfalle with chicken and garlic, shrimp with angel hair; hubs favs are the pork chop or salmon. The portions are large so we always have enough for another meal or meal and a half.They have a great Happy Hour menu, as well. We also talk about going but have not tried it yet. I guess there is still something to look forward to.  They also have a new to me skinnylicious menu with Tuscan chicken and lemon butter shrimp that I would like to try.  We also seldom get the cheesecake on our own but have shared one with four friends. It's plenty and it cuts the calories. I do recommend the food but be prepared for the wait. If you get there early, like we do, it is not so bad. You can call ahead to see what the wait at that time or ask when is their lightest time of during the day. Or just get a cheesecake and have that for dinner. Just joking (not)!
3.5 By far the best cheesecake factory ever.Nice view, if your are sitting at the right spot outside, friendly staff and the food was so much better.
3.5 TERRIBLE TERRIBLE TERRIBLE! Customer Service. Waited twenty minutes STANDING at the front table just for the "host" to ask my name and even acknowledge me. The manager Martha was very rude and seemed a bit irritated with a slight attitude. After waiting an hour to get seated. We waited a whole hour and a half just to get our food!Will NEVER visit this location again As beautiful as the scenery is-the customer service makes it all ugly!
4 I had my birthday at the Cheesecake Factory. I felt like a queen. The food was awesome and the waiter was extremely friendly and helpful. I love the restaurant and can't wait to go back.
2 One of my favorite meals at Cheesecake Factory is the Factory Meatloaf.  I have selected this menu item for years.  I purchased this item for pick up about 2 weeks ago and it was unacceptable.  The meatloaf slices were charred, very dry, and falling apart.  The bread that comes with the meal was tough and difficult to chew.  I understand Covid 19 has modified many procedures of how we manage things but I don't think quality should be compromised.  Just as the restaurant needs customer support during this pandemic we also need the restaurant to be reliable so as a customer I can count on a meal I can look forward to and anticipate quality.
4 I placed my Mother's Day order at 12:30 pm.  Prepaid and requested pick up for  3:30.  When I arrived the restaurant was in TOTAL CHAOS!  The lot was teeming with cars.  I waited for about an hour.  The order was not ready.  I received a call at 6:30 p.m. asking me was I on the parking lot for pickup because my order was ready!!!!!!!  3hours late - I requested a refund.  Apparently unprepared and no organization. I was unable to contact the restaurant at the scheduled pickup time because the phone was busy.  Shame on you to offer a service and not be able to provide decent customer service.
1 I ordered seafood pastaBut a pasta was boiled a little more than it should beA lot of seafood made me almost happy))So the food was goodThank you so much guys
1 Update: cheesecake told me to email them under general questions. So I did but they haven't responded in 4 weeks. Not sure what's going on.
5 These reviews aren't a joke! I personally love cheesecake, one of my favorite places to celebrate birthdays and what not. But today just broke my heart. Rewind to two weeks ago, they messed up the order and asked us to come back to get the rest of the order. That's not cool. Either refund us or have them deliver the rest. But fast forward to today, my husband and I called to ask about ordering online because the 7 for 20Deal was only online. After doing and redoing the order online for 25 ish minutes, the website kept telling us to call store instead. So we did. We called for about 12-15 minutes and it was a busy tone the whole time. I get it, they're busy, but maybe management needs to consider a second line to put others on hold. Then we told them about the dilemma we had, about not being ableTo place the order online. She kept saying it's our fault and something we are doing is wrong. I don't think so though, because we can read. And it says "please call store to place order" since the system for check out is messed up, I asked her if there is any way for her to take it over the phone. It was super upsetting. Super unhelpful woman. She then hung up on us without saying anything else. Whoever was working on July 1st at 3:03 on the phones might need to be retrained or have a better attitude if she's working customer service. I ended up ordering somewhere else even after the website was fixed.Also there was hair in the food :'(
3 Visited this establishment for my boyfriends birthday had family members fly in for his birthday we first had to wait 2 hours to be seated understandably we were a party of 12 then we weren't able to be seated outside and enjoy the view one of the main reasons he picked this location finally we were seated we waited an additional hour at the least to receive our order when the food came it was cold as if someone just defrosted it I wouldn't even feed it to my dog his birthday was ruined we were never compensated and the assistant manager walked over with an attitude needless to say our guests were outraged what a waste of time and money
5 Don't get me wrong this is just cheesecake, BUT WOW.. I've been all over the world, many restaurants from hole in the wall to Michelin Star. Never have I been so shocked at the lack of organization and uncoordinated staff. Truly Corporate should replace all staff ASAP. 5:00PM on Sunday and it's official now 2 1/2 full hours we have been waiting! WTF!??!!!! How unorganized and unmanageable is this place. They don't allow you to make a reservation ahead of time. " only for 6, on yelp"! Are you fucken kidding me?! I have a party of 9, I was told 45-1 hour. It's 2 1/2 fucken hours LATER and all they're telling us is that they're " waiting for the big party to leave so we can be seated, apparently they paid.. and now we're just waiting". Well how fucken hard was it to put two tables together and seat us?!! What a Joke?! The manager is an absolute clueless IDIOT who says " it's first I'm hearing of this"? Really?! We Came up only 10X to speak to your incompetent staff. A whole party of 9, needless to say we will be dining elsewhere tonight.
5 This has to be the worst restaurant on the planet!Tonight we had 2 Philly Cheesecake Sandwiches arrive and it looked like someone had eaten the sandwich then regurgitated it back into the delivery box it arrived in!There  were  no peppers or onions in the sandwich- only cheap cuts of burnt beef.  Not only were the 2 most important ingredients missing but it was so overly salted that it made my tongue curl up as soon as it touched the sandwich!This is not the first time terrible food has arrived from the Santa Monica Cheesecake Factory! Every time I order a Chinese Chicken salad there is at the most 3 pieces of chicken .The last time I ordered it the salad had no chicken! How does a Chinese chicken salad get made with no chicken?I don't get it?
5 We came to the Cheesecake Factory with my family and friends for a celebration but unfortunately we had a horrible experience. We were seated inside under an air vent that was disgustingly dirty with particles flying off onto our table. One of our steak and shrimp plates had a hair wrapped around the steak. I'm sure it was an accident; what surprised us is that I wasn't even asked if I wanted something else and the server left the plate and brought me another piece of steak. I believe I should have at least had the option to switch it for something else and for the hairy plate to be taken away. To top that off, we were charged for 5 deserts from a table next to us. Luckily we noticed the charge and it was taken off. We were sad that it was not the greatest experience as we were very excited to come to the Cheesecake Factory.
5 Great food and wonderful atmosphere     We come every year for birthdays and remembering our loved one we lost.
4 Food is good. The service is alright, it depends on the time you go.  When we go later at night the waiting time is horrible the waiters are always busy and not enough attention to customer. When we went early like around 2 pm the service is awesome.       They sit you right away  and the waiter is checking in on you often. Overall it's alright just find the right time and you are set to go.
4 I'd give 0 starts if I could. Was told the wait is 45 min- hr.Waited 2 and a half hours!! Group of 9 peopleYou can't make reservations for a party that large. Isn't this the size that should be guaranteed a table???They make you wait for only one particular table that can take a partyy that ssize. How hard could it be to bring two tables together??? Let's say that party was there celebrating an occasion and wasn't ready to leave for another hour???  You're telling me .... we would've waited for almost 4 hours for that particular table to clear? Absolutely unheard of!!!!  Unorganized to the the point, when we left outside fuming, the valet guy outside asked what was wrong and shockeddddd when he learned we hadn't eaten and left after waiting all that time! Valet guys commented ::::::: "I parked almost a hundred cars after you guys!!" He waived the fee for the ttwo cars we came in with. That's called customer service morons! Learn a thing or two from them. Also the manager is such a sloth. By the time he understood what was going on we were out the dOor. Save your time  people go somewhere else.  Don't reply to this with review with your condescending automated response, thank you.
4 This establishment needs new management and better experienced workers. The service was unprofessional and unorganized. My meal was overshadowed by chaos. We had a reservation and were still forced to wait.
4 When we arrived nobody cared to attend to us in order to be seated.We had to ask and got seated in a boot only to be asked to leave after 10 minutes wait because the place was reserved.We. were told to wait an extra 20 minutes for the table.Personel was unfriendly and dry, almost as we bothered being there.Needless to say we left.This was our first visit at the Cheesecake Factory and surely will be our last, which is more of a shame because we live really close to the place and would hang around often if the staff were more attentive and friendly.
4 It was ok. We ordered drinks and waited over 30 minutes for them. The waitress explained that the bartender was new ,understood but we really wanted to be able to have a couple of drinks and we could see that wasn't going to happen. The bread was yummy as usual. We ordered and they were out of what I wanted spicy cashew chicken and I was thinking how sway? Can't you just make more? But whatever I got the crispy pineapple chicken and shrimp and it was ok. I wouldn't get it again though it was much too sweet.  The cheese cake portion was small. Which was weird because I saw other ppl slices that were much bigger. But I was thinking maybe it was the kind I chose idk honestly. Overall it was just ok, the view made up for a lot lol. I'd probably try Redondo next time because they have better reviews.
2.5 NOT FOR LARGE PARTIES OVER 6, NEVER COMING BACK TO THIS UNORGANIZED SHITTY LOCATION. We just happen to be in the Marina, stopped in and waited in the cold for 3 hours with two elderly grandparents. Everyone from front desk is a joke,  to the  " Manager" running this circus. LEFT without dinning here, didn't pay for Valet either, I told them the Manager can take care of it. Wasted 3 hours of my Sunday waiting here. Called a different much more upscale restaurant in the Valley had them set up a special table for our large family, that was ready when we arrived, gave them our 2K of business and had a lovely meal there instead.
4 For an pricy restaurant the service is horrible. We arrived and had to wait even with a reservation, and once we got to our table no server came to us. I had to go to them.
3.5 Totally admit, I can be pretentious and condescending about some chain restaurants. But I unabashedly like the Cheesecake Factory! Over many years and different locations, I have sampled a lot of menu items. All good! Sure, they always get knocked for super high-calorie, gigantic portions, etc but I usually take half home and, unless your eating there every friggin day....you're good, you'll be fine. Also I just like the comforting ambience and I always have really good, attentive service. Assume they have a really good training program for new hires. Certainly my fave of the big chain restaurants.
3.5 Just tried to make a reservation for my birthday, party of 9. Told they can't do that, but I can on Yelp. Limit is party of 6 on Yelp. So...I should have fewer people who love and want to celebrate me in order to dine at Cheesecake Factory? Who should I cut? My sister? My brother? Their spouses? My wife? Which one of our daughters?Offered to guarantee the res with a credit card and was told that's not an option. What the heck??REALLY disappointed. Not sure what my back up plan is, but had my heart set on this.
4 The setting is wonderful and todays visit on my wife's birthday was at her request as she loves the restaurant. The staff were fabulous our server Lena one of twins was simply exceptional, would highly recommend this venue.
3 Horrible service. Had reservations for 8pm and was sat down at 9pm. No point for a reservation. Because of this, we decided to put in food and drinks together and the waiter was not competent to capture all of our order. He had to come back twice to ask what we had ordered. Food took 1hour to arrive.
3 This is the worst restaurant and the customer service is horrible. Waited two hours and thirty mins to be seated while others were being seated around my party. Asked to speak to a manager was spoken to very rudely by someone who claimed to be a manager but wouldn't give his name. Don't eat here!!
2 Drove 30 mins once arrival waited another10 mins before opening. Totally fine. No problem. We made line to have breakfast for a party of 4. We had our loving service dog with us, A lady apparently the "manager" refused us entrance, stating that my emotional support dog was NOT allowed. He had his badge and she said unless I had another medical condition I couldn't come in. We were appalled because that has never happened to us. Based on what I know that is NOT even legal. She then proceeded to rudely in front of everyone kick us out of the line. She was rude about the whole thing since the beginning.
1 Put in our name for a table or 6 at 7pm. They said it'd be 90 minute wait. After 90 minutes of waiting with two young children, we just got a call that the restaurant is shutting down for the night due to "issues." Stuck with no food late at night. Perfect.
5 I've been to many Cheesecake Factory locals. This one disappoints. The service is slow. The food is subpar..took forever to get our meals and when the arrived, they looked as if they were thrown on the plate. No presentation at all. The two appetizers that I had (the hamburger sliders and the chicken sliders) were dried out hockey pucks. The bartender was friendly...the only positive thing. Such a shame..great location right on the marina but we will never be back. They need a new management team. Don't waste your time.
5 Cheesecake Factory used to be one of our family's favorite restaurants.  Now, given that safety protocols from Covid-19 appear to be basically ignored in the Marina del Rey location, we are rethinking this. No curbside pickup was available.  A very long line with people jammed indoors for pick up greeted us, instead, with the front door closed so no air circulation was possible.  Without a queue for those like us who already had pre-paid, what should have been a brief pick-up instead had us ignored for at least 20 minutes. It would have been longer had we not sought out help elsewhere.  We wrote to the restaurant after, and the manager essentially provided a standard boilerplate response without offering a plan for improvement.  We therefore can't in good conscience recommend this location to anyone who cares about maintaining their good health.
4 The worst service ever I have been going there for along time,Sunday was Father's Day I understand it's super busy day I ordered just the desert's only also gave them two hours before I pick my order and I was told it's not ready by a unprofessional guy he didn't check my order just said oh it's not ready starts to talk to another guy than walk around going there and here again not checking my order and literally it's in front of his face all the time till I asked him again then his like oh it's busy and it's not ready then I told him it's desert only and I see my name on the bag so finally I took my order and no utensils I had clearly said utensils in my online order I want to give zero stars
1 I will NEVER visit this place again. Nor will my family n friends. My Good friend whom happens to be a senior lady in her 80's , her and a few friends whom are also around the same age were dining there, the earlier part of September of 2022 where they asked to sit inside because it was really warm outside.  So as they were taking inside to be seated, if you've been there you know that going up inside there is a ramp once you pass the lil bar area to the right.  So the person working there that showed them to their table never said please watch your step. Now mind you , you already see two of the ladies with walking canes therefore why would you NOT WARN THEM ABOUT THEIR STEPS??? AND guess what one of the ladies had fallen. The only people that came to help her up were the patrons inside the restaurant like them. Just sad. Then the stayed when I would have never. Then it gets even worse, they didn't bring out the right food. Forgot the Appetizer but it was added to the bill. The WORST SERVICE EVER , I have strongly encouraged my friend to go get herself checked out by her physician because that was a hard fall and if she already has a cane this could only have made things worse. Shame on you and your staff.
2 June 5, 2022 around 3pm or so; This Woman Maraina I believe that was her name that is the manager for 15 years is crazy and needs to be fire immediately for super size racism at it's best. We were seating in the high chair at the bar and this manager came up to us after we order three appetizers and four cocktails drink. The high bar stool table was dirty we were setting at  and toll us this is not a waiting area. I look at Her and I said we order cocktails and something to eat. She walk away and given us a very very dirty look. I have never in my life been through this at this cheesecake factory in life. I will not every go back to this location in life again period. I spend about $164.00 plus parking. I am for the human race and I am for peace. Not to be look down upon because I do not look like You. The other staff members were cool and I had to take my dinner to go. I was sick on my stomach thinking about how disrespectful this woman had been towards us. The other manager informed Me that her son was working there and transfer cause her attitude towards him was horrible. one star for the other staff members. I called guess service and spoken to a very nice person. They promise Me a gift card I never get in my e- mail.Mrs. Rozie Wallace
1 The Female Mexican manager not wearing a name tag was horrible and racism. She came to Us party 5, and say in a authority tone " this is not a waiting area"and the table was dirty. After we just ordered some finger foods and drinks waiting on our table to get ready. This Female manager was out of control and super rude and very unprofessional. The waiter's at the restaurant said She is a horrible person and very hard to get alone. She made us move out of the bar area. I am very upset with this type of behavioral. I will be calling the higher authorities. This Female 05/22/2022 Sunday 2pm manager would not be able to work in this great Country if was not for civil rights acts And all the freedom fighters. I will never return to this location ever in life. I had a flashback from the late 50's with the JoeCrow laws against people of color. I felt under attack.
4 Cheesecake factory in Marina Del Ray is the absolute worst. We had reservations on Saturday evening December 10th. The host and hostess were exceptionally rude, unprofessional and  had zero customer service knowledge. Luckily the manager on duty was able to intervene. I would not recommend this location due in part to their rude host/hostess!
4 Love the scenery. Right on the beach. But location is extremely small. The wait is insane on weekends. Even with reservations you are likely to wait a good 45'mins-1hr. Cool thing is you can enjoy the beach. Just don't go if you are starving and expect to eat right away. Service is ok and the manager is extremely rude. She doesn't seem to enjoy her job.
4 I'm so sad to write this but the food in our neighborhood Cheesecake Factory has gone steeply downhill. The chicken I had was flavorless and my husband's  Chicken Pasta Di Vinci was boring to say the least. I'm sad because we live across the street and it used to be a neighborhood favorite!
4 I love the outside patio. The menu is smaller than the encyclopedia inside but still pretty big! There is a great view of Mother's Beach and there are heaters outside so it stays warm. I had the Chicken Caesar Salad. The salad is huge but needs more chicken! My husband had the steak and fries. His was delicious. It's a great place to people watch too!
4 I enjoyed my lunch very much took my parents for lunch o was nervous at first because it was packed, but we had reservations and once we we were seated Brittney took very god care of is her suggestions we're on point and we never had to ask for used plates to go away or for our drinks to be refilled it's servers like her that make I definitely return
2.5 Welp me and my daughter heard it was National Cheesecake Day and head d over to The Cheesecake Factory. I haven't been to this one in the Marina in a long time and with the weather so amazing in LA I really wanted to sit outside and have a view of the ocean. And that's what we had. Saw they offer Happy Hour in the Bar only which I took notes for next time. So Ellie our server was really sweet she recommended the Georgia Peach and it was exactly what I needed. My daughter really was excited to order the Oreo Cheesecake and I tried a new one for myself the Craig's Carrot Cake Yum!!! Ellie even still brought us Bread. And no Cheesecake Factory visits is complete without bread. We stayed outside enjoyed the view and the breeze for about a hour. I'll definitely be back to enjoy Happy Hour.
4 Never again will I go to this Cheesecake Factory. The server was inexperienced without any help.
3.5 Arrived 5 minutes before outdoor reservation.  Told it would be at least 30 minutes for our reserved outdoor table.  Were given a table by a window after some discussion where the service was awful.  Took 15 minutes to get cocktail. Once food arrived, had to ask for everything. Bread brought with no butter or jam. Waffles with no butter.  Had to ask for everything repeatedly. Will never go back.
3.5 I love this place, as long as reservations are made all is good.  I always choose outdoor marina view seating.  My 9 year old Son loves food and ambiance.
4 Sitting here now for 30 min and we barely got our drinks. A lot of people standing around, horrible service! Busboys don't help waiters with water refills (99 degrees today)... The staff is slow and treat everyone like tourists... Like we will never come back to est here!
4 Legitimately the worst restaurant experience we've had in years. Terrible service, took us 45 minutes to sit after our reservation. 2 hours to get our food. When we tried to order cheesecake to go, we were told they were closed. Avoid at all costs.
1 We took our friend from Arizona to this location because it's our favorite location because of the view. The service we received from our waiter Ian was above and beyond. He made us feel welcome and made sure we had everything we needed and more. From his knowledge of the menu, to his friendly service, and safe practices during Covid, we were thoroughly impressed and definitely will be back. Keep in mind we were seated at 9pm and he never made us feel rushed while we ate and had several great recommendations!
1 Like the food and the ocean View but the staff very rude. Jesse one of the restaurant Manger not friendly at all. Very lazy and don't like to help customers. Talking and laughing and not paying attention to his job.Never going there again.
1 We asked the usher for outdoor table. He said 20min wait. After waiting for our table, they put us in an indoor table. When I asked about the outdoor table, the manager said that's all they have and we'd need to wait again to get an outdoor table.Earlier when we were waiting in the open bar seating, waiters didn't come to take our order for 20min.On the plus side, their drinks were good. Pineapple mezcal and topical island were hits!
5 I had the best time and meal at The Cheesecake Factory in Marina Del Rey! We didn't have a reservation and the wait time for a table was about an hour. Considering these pandemic times, an hour wait isn't too bad. Our server for the night name was Ian and he was amazing! We ordered the avocado egg rolls and Korean fried cauliflower as appetizers. The Impossible Pasta Bolognese and the Cajun Jambalaya Pasta with shrimp only. We ordered the Passion Fruit Mojito and Pineapple Moscow Mule for drinks. Everything came out  on time and delicious. Ian provided excellent service and made sure to check on us continuously throughout our meal! I will definitely be coming back!
5 After placing my name down on the waitlist, the hostess told me the wait time would be an hour and 30 minutes. It actually took 2 hours and 37 minutes to receive the text message that my table was ready. However, when I arrived, I was told it would take an additional ~30 minutes for a table to open up.What's the point of having a waiting list system if it's unreliable? Don't go here. They're liars.EDIT: in response to the Cheesecake Factory, it took a total of 4 hours and 9 minutes to grab a table! I placed my name down on the list at 2:26pm and was finally able to be seated at 6:35pm. How earlier do you think I should request a seat?
1 Wow! How very very disappointing!  We walked in and were greeted right away. We asked for a seat inside by the window if possible. The hostess said it would be just a few minutes. When she walked us to the table the view was of two closed umbrellas and other random stuff shoved in the far back corner of the restaurant.  So we asked if we could just sit pretty much anywhere else. She said to sit down and she would double check about another table. So we did. It really seemed like she forgot about us but about 5 minutes passed and she came back and sat us a few tables over (not next to the window but certainly a better view and feel).  Just after that they sat a lone guy at the table we opted out of.  The server came by... HIS TABLE, brought water and their signature bread. Still, we sat.  Then his specialty drink came. A large group sat next to us.  Still, we sat.  The other guy got his food.  The people next to us were served their food.  Still, we sat. Finally had to disturb a waitress taking yet another order across from us, and asked if she was our waitress.. And that we have been sitting here and don't even have water. She apologized, found a piece of paper to jot down our order and took off. Finally some guy came by to greet us.  Really?... Like 20 minutes later.?! We gave him our order but told him we gave it also to the girl at the order station (pointing in her direction), but before we could ask for bread and water, he went over to her.  So we don't know if she's coming back, or he's coming back, or... Hell who knows!  My friend finally got up and walked over to yet  another waiter and asked for a basket of pumpernickel bread. He said they were out, and my friend said, um no you're not..go find some. She came back to our table and a few minutes later miraculously, they found our bread... as well as some water . FINALLY!Soon after our mushrooms and avocado rolls came out. Really were never checked on again. Not that we were going to order any more after all the chaos we went  through just to get this!Our waiter came by once more to drop the bill and luckily we had cash so we didn't have to wait any longer to get out of this place!You all really dropped the ball! You should be ashamed! Only reason I'm giving a 2 star is because our food was actually good. Too bad the service was crap!
5 "Disaster", is the best word to describe my visit at the Marina Del Ray location. We arrived to the location around 7pm, we were told that the wait time was a hour and forty-five minutes but we only waited for about thirty. The greeter then Escorted my party of four to our table. Jacob G. Was our waiter for the night but he had to go on his break and thats when Jon P took over until Jacob got back. There was about twenty five minutes that goes by without anyone going to our table. We had to ask a other waiter to tell Jon that we were ready to order our drinks and Appetizers. Jon took our orders and it took forty minutes to receive our appetizers and we still had not received our drinks. The plates and  Silverware were not clean. I thank God that jacob had finally returned because I was able to let him know about the horrible service we had been receiving. He was very disappointed to hear about it and he promised he would make it better and he surely did. He would stop by our table every six minutes or so too see if everything was ok. It only took twenty minutes to receive our dinner and I'm certain it was brought out fast due to Jacob being proactive. Jacob even brought it upon himself to tell the manager jessie lopez about the horrible service and Mr. Lopez told Jacob "I'm too busy to go out there and speak to them". That was very unprofessional of Mr. Lopez and I can't return to a restaurant with these kinds of mindsets. Thank you once again Jacob for making my wife's bday better even though with the ruff start. I hope to hear back from the general manager Mark Beaver and I hope they make it up to us at a different location.The date was 11/14/21Store #1002
5 Chicken Taquitos Fresh Banana Cream CheesecakeCheeseburger Spring RollsChicken Pot StickersI like the taquitos The cheesecake is fireCheeseburger Spring Rolls are my favorite Chicken Pot Stickers are delicious Will definitely eat this again.
5 I had a horrible experience at your establishment yesterday the staff was horrible and rude the manager was even more rude no compassion for your guest we waited over 40 minutes for our food appetizers and drinks we didn't get off at water napkins we were completely ignored I love the cheesecake factory but I will never ever pay to eat there again I felt very disappointing in your staff when I asked to speak to a manager and no one came to the table to address my issue so I'm going to tell all my friends to not visit the cheesecake factory in Marina Del Rey sincerely an unhappy patron
5 1. Parking: It's absolutely unacceptable to pay for self parking... the valette guys are useless (also both of the guys were laughing out loud when we refused to pay them and parked at next lot) is this how you treat your customers ?2. Restaurant: We finally got in, no-one bothered to sit us - well, not big deal (we took table ourself), and the next what we saw - dirty cutlery which waiter replaced... ok, then we ordered 2 glasses of wine, and both glasses were dirty with fingerprints... Hands down, this is the worst Cheesecake Factory I've ever visited.
4 I have been here many of times but last night was the worst. We went after my daugther graduation. We got there at 4:15pm and we weren't eated until 7:16pm out party was only 10 people. I order Orange Chicken. The waiter comes back ten minutes later and say there out of orange chicken. I order Pineapple chicken and shrimp. Two minutes later the waiter comes back and say there out of pineapple chicken and shrimp. So, I then order korean Chicken. Five minutes later the waiter comes back and say there out of korean chicken too. I order a cesar salad and cheese burger eggrolls. My order comes out the salad was good but the cheese burger eggrolls were not cooked all the way. The meat was pink. i had the waiter to come take it back. Please get it together CheeseCake Factory...
4 It took 45mins before we get to eat our orders. Never informed us that it'll take that long. Slow service and the food isn't even hot when served! Very negligent!
4 I ordered the herb crusted salmon lunch special today, when I finished my meal and asked for the check I found out they had charged me and gave me the dinner version of this meal, when I informed them this is not what I ordered and what could we do since I order the lunch special. I was informed  that there was nothing that could be done since I already ate it
4 Good food, great location and friendly service. Will be returning soon. Only downside is the parking***Helpful tip: make a reservation on Yelp for faster seating***
4 Just ordered cheesecake for 5 and when we got the cheesecake slices were frozen. Frozen Tiramisu cheesecake, really!!!! It is just wrong to sell frozen tiramisu cheesecake. Two other slices were frozen as well and the banana cheesecake top layer was watery and you could tell it was frozen too. Will not go back, very disappointed, very!!!!!
2.5 The worst. Totally inconsistent food, not like the other cheesecake factories. They messed up my husband's steak order then took 15 minutes to grill him a MR steak. Dogs barking everywhere. $7 to park when eating. Every aspect of this place is a disappointment other than the beach setting. Get your act together
4 They don't have professional worker's including the manager's name Adriana. She treated us badly.
3.5 Worst restaurant experience ever! Had to wait an hour and a half to get our entrees, and they were cold as ice! A filet mignon shouldn't be cold! Step it up!
3.5 I know people will still go to Cheesecake Factory no matter what I say. I just hope someone from corporate notices and addresses the terrible customer service in Marina Del Rey. I had called to order a whole cheese cake and was told to just walk in. I asked specifically "so if I walk in at 4 there will be a 10 inch strawberry cheesecake for me?" and was told yes. When I got there I paid (a lot) and was told it would be 5 minutes as they prepared it. 20 minutes later I checked and was told they hadn't started it yet. They said they'd get the manager. He just came over and said they had now started. He then walked away and did everything he could to avoid eye contact. After a total of 45 minutes I had my cheesecake. Since the manager did not care this was my only avenue to complain. As far as I can see there's no customer service contact on their web site. Next time I will plan ahead and make my own.
4 First of all, there is no reason for this place to have valet parking. They literally left our car right where we put it, and when we finished we waited in line while they were disorganized and took other people behind us in line first. And you want to charge $7 for that?! Such a waste!As for the service, as soon as our waiter realized we were just there for dessert he basically stopped paying attention to us. He came over once after our order, and it took foreeeevvver to get our check. What should have been a quick dessert with friends ended up being a huge waste of time.
5 Lovely location, great ambience, beautiful scenery! It's ALWAYS busy so it pays to make a reservation, especially if you want to sit on the patio
5 I will make this one short and simple. The food is never great and the service is always terrible. Won't be back.
5 Ron was our serve this evening, and he was absolutely fantastic!! He was so kind, very knowledgeable and so sweet. Huge shoutout to Ron!!
5 The Service! (Our Server) The Cocktails!! The Dishes!!! The View!!!!Always A Comeback...
1 party of 4 sat outside for lunch. our reservation though Yelp did not show up on their system for some reason. But we got seated quickly anyways so that was good. menu is "40pages" long book.we went with skinny menu options. good things,1-view or outside seating2-quick service3-food optionsBad things1-Food quality and taste2-you'll have to pay for parking even handicapped spot 3-service counter in the middle of walkway and staff crowding where you suppose to pass through, made it feel messy and unorganized.
2 Won't! I can't believe the customer service. It was just myself and my 2 kids. Very simple order but my kids order took about 45 mins to come out and my plate took an additional 15 mins. Our waiter didn't even bother to check in us. And seemed bothered when I asked him for our check and to have our left overs boxed.  The restaurant wasn't even busy just lack service. Let's not even talk about how long it took for him to bring back my change.
3 TCF is my favorite chain restaurant. I've loved it my entire life. It is my favorite restaurant to eat at. This Marina Del Rey location is not only the WORST Cheesecake Factory in the country, but the worst restaurant in the country. I have dined here 5 times. It has been an atrocious experience all 5 times. I wish I was being dramatic. I wish I was exaggerating. All 5 times the restaurant has messed up an order, given terrible service or delivered horrible food. It's actually unbelievable at this point. I don't want to take time out of my day to have to write this. But I love TCF so much at other locations that I have to say something. There is something seriously wrong with this location. Last night was the final straw, as I brought a group in to celebrate my birthday. My order was wrong, the fixed order (Chicken Bellagio) was bland and mushy. The check came and they managed to charge me for both of the dishes. And on top of it, the birthday dessert was also charged. I could go on and on about the embarrassing service during my other visits. But I genuinely just want this addressed because I know how great The Cheesecake Factory is and my mom worked for TCF for 10+ years. Please do something.
3 I've been to this Cheesecake Factory location many times since the 1990s, but in recent years I've preferred their South Bay or Sherman Oaks locations instead due to frequent very poor service here in Marina Del Rey.On June 9th I tried to pick up a take-out birthday cheesecake at 2 o'clock on a Thursday afternoon, called ahead and was expecting a 5 minute stop. WRONG. It began with a VERY unfriendly parking valet who absolutely insisted that I leave my car and keys with them, pay a $12 parking fee, and wait in a very slow moving line of cars. I explained that I only needed to run in for a pick up order, but the valet said that "unless you work for Uber Eats you must valet your car and pay the $12, no exceptions". There were empty spaces in front, I requested to briefly use one of them, I even produced my handicap parking permit, all to no avail. I told the valet I'd then pass on the cheesecake purchase and simply turn around and leave, but they would not let me do that either - they said there was a car behind me now and I'd have to go through the whole drive around line, waiting as each car was brought forward to be given to people standing at the doorway. It took more than 20 minutes to just be able to drive back out into the street, without the special occasion cheesecake I'd come to get. WHAT A COMPLETE WASTE OF TIME.I will not return to this location, and suggest that you don't either. Go to Redondo Beach, you'll be glad you did, it is worth the extra drive. Better service, less crowded, better views, MUCH nicer employees.
5 wow, I made a reservation and decided to dine here based on bad reviews because I thought to myself how it couldn't be THAT bad.I made a reservation for 7pm weeks in advance. the night I came here - you're forced to pay $7 to park your own damn car. so wack. you can find free parking don't get played by this lot.next - we check in and the hostess saids it'll be 15 mins because they're really busy tonight when I check in at 6:55pm. it's 7:15pm and we go up to check on the status of our table..she tells us it's going to be ANOTHER 15 minutes because tonight is so busy. we did not sit down until 30 minutes after our reservation bc the restaurant couldn't get it together.it was cold - food was cold - drinks were warm. everything was all bad we couldn't wait to go home. took dessert to go and ate it at home bc the whole experience was so terrible. if you have hrs to waste and want to be ignored and eat cold food and a warm drink come here and waste your money.
5 Dirty utensils, unorganized management, and lackluster food. The only thing going for them is the beautiful location. Valet $7, management is unorganized and quite frankly rude. Our waiter was very nice but unfortunate that it's probably the worst Cheesecake Factory I've been to. Pasta sauce was very watered down, miso salmon was over cooked  Such a shame
4 I have always loved The Cheesecake Factory and have been to locations all over the country.  Until last night, I've never had a bad experience there, but the Marina del Ray location has forever ruined the Cheesecake Factory for me.Last night, (a Monday), myself and 6 others went to the Cheesecake factory to celebrate my sister's birthday. Knowing that there is sometimes a wait, I arrived before 7 to put our name down for a table at 7:30. After about 10 minutes, the host, Derek (who was unbelievably rude throughout the evening) said the table was ready, but that he wouldn't seat us because only 4 of the 7 of us were already there. The other 3 were about 10 minutes away. After some debate he said he wouldn't seat us until 6 of the 7 had arrived. By 7:30, our whole group was present and Derek then said that he would add our name back to the list.  After waiting for over an hour, we demanded to speak to a manager, who was equally useless. We were told multiple times, that the next table was ours and they just had to clear it. Meanwhile, they  seated other people while we sat waiting. Finally after many unpleasant conversations with Derek and the manager and having waited over 2.5 hours, it was after 9:30 and we still had not been seated for our birthday dinner.Furious at this point, we decided we wouldn't wait any longer and left going  our separate ways skipping dinner and celebrating my sister's birthday.  And to top it off, they still made each of us pay $10 for parking to waste 2.5 hours waiting for nothing.Not only will I never be going back to that location, but their behavior and attitudes have tainted my view of The Cheesecake Factory entirely.
4 Update Followed the instructions in the reply and still haven't been contacted by Cheesecake Factory. Only got a $50 gift card! You were never interested in making this right! Now in my opinion your service sucks even more!
4 Upon arriving at 7:18 pm we were quoted a wait time of 15-20 mins for a party of 5 by manager Martha. After we waited about 10 mins I asked if we were waiting for a booth or a table. Martha said it wasn't specified when we arrived and that if we wanted the booth that it would be an additional 15 to 20 minute wait, and asked did I want to put my name on a list for it. I said no we would wait for the first available. After a while a young man named Drake walked and I asked how much longer he said that the party had been sitting about an hour and forty mins and as soon as they get up he would seat us. He said let me check and he came back and said they ordered dessert so maybe another 15 minutes. I was pretty frustrated at this point so when Martha came back I asked why were waiting so long to be seated and she said that the guy (she was referring to Drake) said we wanted the booth. It really upset me that she lied on him, because I never had a conversation about the preference of a booth or table with Drake. We didn't sit until after 8pm. We waited a total of 48 mins. Once we were seated the server was nice. We waited a tad bit longer than most other tables but he was attentive. My mother ordered herb crusted salmon with spinach instead of asparagus and extra sauce, it was served dry without any sauce. My daughter ordered herb crusted salmon with broccoli instead of asparagus and extra sauce, it was served dry without any sauce. My son ordered chicken tenders and fries the fries had a long black hair in it. I ordered chicken Madeira with spinach instead of asparagus, it was served with asparagus and no mashed potatoes. That's when I finally asked another waiter to have the manager come over. We waited a few minutes and at the same time the manager is coming the waiter brings my mashed potatoes. The manager introduced herself as Adriana and asked what the problem was. As I began to explain she cuts me off and said they wouldn't have quoted me 15-20 minutes wait time for a party of 5. I told her that's what we were told. I explained all of the above issues to her and she made excuses for everything. No sincere apologies nor did she try to rectify it. I was simply offered a few pieces of cheesecake to shut up. I told her free cheesecake doesn't compare to the terrible service. I was so frustrated I didn't even eat, I sent it back only to go home and still be hungry.Nope I didn't except the free cheesecake
4 Lovely restaurant with friendly staff. Huge portions! I got an egg white omelette and it lasted 2 meals.
4 I dipped in with two of my dearest sister-girlfriends for a quick bite. We received excellent service on an extremely busy Saturday evening. Our server, Mark, was outstanding, professional, and  funny. The food was beautiful, well-seasoned, and served hot/fresh. My only concern was that the Women's restroom had been beaten up pretty badly. My friend told the manager who promptly addressed her concern. I'll return whenever I'm in the area.
2.5 I just had the best server named chadd. He was very attentive and gave the best suggestions.
4 My favorite Cheesecake Factory location even with the mandatory valet parking. I come here every couple of months and the service is always great and have yet to have a dish I didn't like. Also the patio views are spectacular on a sunny day even though you may have to wait a little longer. Really the only downside is that they don't take reservations so definitely not the place to come during peak hours but otherwise great.If you're watching what you eat their Skinnylicous menu is also pretty bomb and allows you to go out with family and friends and order something other than chicken and vegetables :)
3.5 Ok this is just poor communication on their behalf. We called a week in advance to make a reservation for 6 (my daughter's 13th birthday). They told us they were not taking reservations. They said to show up and add our name on the list and the wait would be 45min-1hr. We show up Sunday around 6-7 pm, pay for parking, walk up and the hostess says it would be 2 1/2-3hr wait. I said that's not the information we received. She says we should have gotten on the virtual waitlist. We let her know we called and they said there was no way to make a reservation. She treated us poorly as if she didn't want us in the establishment. She basically proceeded to say that in LA that's typical for dinner service. We said ok we are from LA and we haven't encountered that long of a wait. We moved over to let a couple walk up while we figured things out. They were told 45min-1hr wait. I didn't think much of it at the time because they were a party of two. We ended up ordering to go and waiting over an hr for the food. While we waited we got on the virtual list...45min into it they called us. We explained to a manager what we had encountered and that we were waiting for our to go order but we would rather be seated. He said oh that would not be possible or fair for the server. We said well we are planning to tip and buy drinks. He said no unfortunately we would not be able to do that. You can cancel your to go order but we cannot guarantee a full refund. Or you can be seated and start the process all over. Now tell me why the manager is more concerned about being fair to servers and not the consumer? I have been to busy restaurants before and have not been faced with the servers being more of a priority. We the costumer pay for the food and service accordingly. They were acting really exclusive and one of the hostess even rolled her eyes at us. I understand we are still weathering the pandemic but this was suppose to be the first time we celebrated my daughter's birthday outside the house. The inaccurate information and lack of concern for us the consumers ruined that day. Ps: I submitted this review on their website hopefully someone reads it and takes action.
3.5 Had the most bizarre experience yesterday. I ordered the grilled steak tacos like I always do and they came out completely different. Normally they have chipotle sauce, friend onions and avocado. The ones given to me had radishes on them on thats it. I asked the waiter if there are new tacos or what the issue was because I was very confused. He just took the tacos back to the kitchen and then brought them back to me with salsa now on them. I explained to the waiter again these are not the tacos I ordered. I showed him the menu online. Then he finally brought me the toppings separately but now the tacos were cold. He didn't really seem to care at all. And then I was even more confused because if he can bring me the toppings why weren't they made that way the first or second time even? He finally said "oh they changed the recipe." I don't even know if I believe that. It was so bizarre I'm still confused by the experience. And just disappointed I didn't get to enjoy the tacos I always enjoy. Definitely won't be returning to this location.
4 Worst dining experience I've ever had. The location was filthy. The bathrooms were disgusting and there were no lights at one point in the bathroom. It was pitch black and guests used their cell phones to get around. The customer service was also terrible. I ordered a margarita, however it looked and tasted like a martini. After sharing my concerns to the waitress, the waitress explained that she couldn't do anything and that we had to speak to a manager. The manager, Matt, was rude and refused to help. He offered no suggestions and flat out refused to take the drink off the bill. After declining to change out the drink for ankthe his only suggestion was that he could bring different stemware/glass to drink the martini out of. In addition to the terrible customer service, the food arrived at various times. After waiting ten minutes for everything else to arrive, the pasta dishes were cold.Addendum:Just a follow-up to this review- we were contacted by the corporate customer service representative after their request for me to reach out to them directly via their website. She continued to re-state their policy of not replacing items the customer may be unhappy with. The customer service representative from corporate was unfriendly, unprofessional, and offered no remedy of any kind. She offered no apology whatsoever. Absolute disgrace all around.
1 Worst dining experience I've ever had. The location was filthy. The bathrooms were disgusting and there were no lights at one point in the bathroom. It was pitch black and guests used their cell phones to get around. The customer service was also terrible. I ordered a margarita, however it looked and tasted like a martini. After sharing my concerns to the waitress, the waitress explained that she couldn't do anything and that we had to speak to a manager. The manager, Matt, was rude and refused to help. He offered no suggestions and flat out refused to take the drink off the bill. After declining to change out the drink for another one, his only suggestion was that he could bring different stemware/glass to drink the martini out of. In addition to the terrible customer service, the food arrived at various times. After waiting ten minutes for everything else to arrive, the pasta dishes were cold.
1 We wait well over a half hour for a table when we were promised 20 min and they put us on the patio. We had to consult with a manger. After waiting an hour we finally got seated. Would come here again but wouldn't expect friendly service or to get what we asked for.
1 The hostess, Tanya, was very cold, smacking her gum as she took us to our table and had a very unwelcoming presence. Our waiter was nice but unenthusiastic. The food was okay, and service was pretty slow but that's to be expected when dining for dinner on the weekends.
1 worst experience ever!! we wait for an hour , hostess was rude, they didn't have all the menu   not even straws that's unbelievable . food wasn't good .. the  waiter Skyler was really is the only good thing I can say about this experience!!!!
1 We ordered drinks and not once did the waiter ask anyone for their ID to verify age. The food was blend, dry, lacked flavor. My bread was so hard on the burger,it was lukewarm, my patty was meshy. I informed the waiter I was unpleased with my meal and to change it out. He told me no. I needed to speak to a manager. The manager never showed up, so I had to call the manager from my cellphone because when I tried to get up from the table to find one the waiter told me due to remain seated. 45 minutes went by. No manager. My niece never got her Strawberry lemonade. Terrible service and food so disappointing!!!
4 You could eat at the Cheesecake Factory everyday for months and order something different every time. Their menu is still pretty extensive. They have so many genre's to choose from. From the most amazing salads, to probably the best burgers and fries ANYWHERE. There are Italian influenced dishes. And Asian and Latin and American, gluten free and vegan. There is literally something on the menu for everyone. Every dish is surprisingly amazing. And what I also love is that they still serve generous portions. Not like many restaurants who've cut their portions down but raised their prices. And lastly, their outdoor patio is wonderful. By day you see the Marina and the mountains in the background, along with gatherings of people playing volleyball. At night, it's lit up with soft string lights and the dark sky above.  I am a big fan of the Cheesecake Factory. But that's pretty evident based on my review.
2 I am a big fan of the Cheesecake Factory.  For starters, it saved me during the pandemic.  I live very close by, so I ordered take out a lot when dining in was not an option.  Once dining restrictions were lifted, I was elated to be able to sit outdoors overlooking Mother's Beach and the boats.  It really is a very nice view.  On top of that, the food is very good.  You could eat there every day and not get bored.  You could order Italian, Asian, American, seafood and vegetarian dishes.  They have amazing appetizers ( my favorite the avocado eggrolls) and I think they have one of the best hamburgers and french fries of any restaurant in LA.  Their Chicken Piccata is also better than most Italian restaurants.  Their miso glazed salmon is also a huge winner.  Actually, almost everything on their menu is spot on.  Appetizers and desserts as well.  The only thing that could potentially drop this review by a star or two is the service.  I try to go on the off hours and then the service is perfect.  However, during their busy hours, not so much.
1 Great food ! They were very nice when I needed anything . My food came out incorrect the first time , they then fixed it with no hesitation .
1 service was not good at all. Sucks that their quality of food and experience overall has gone down. Waiters were slow, had to ask for plates over three times. Not as good as it used to be
4 The only thing I like about this place are the sliders and the ribeye steaks.  I'm sure the cheesecakes are excellent but I haven't tried them recently.  The waiters have a bad habit of waiting on very well if you discussed prices.  They assume you won't tip them well and are surprised and very grateful when you give them an over the top tip.  Waiters here and anywhere should do their job better, but I think they work very hard at such a crowded place with so much noise.
5 Living in the South Bay, we hadn't been to this location since my daughter worked there while attending USC in the 90's. That said,  we arrived at 6 as did our friends, to a very crowded waiting room! Just as the one in Redondo is at times and our wait last night was 50 minutes.Getting to our table is when we all got comfortable and really started to enjoy the evening. Our waitress did an outstanding job! She happened to be very pregnant, think she mentioned 29 weeks, anyway our drinks came quickly followed by ordering dinner which also came quick enough, within 20-25 minutes. My Pork Chop was delicious as was my wife's steak Diane. Our friends enjoyed the Rib Eye, Chicken Marsala & the Vegan Salad, all very good.After 21/2 hours our evening came to an end with our stomach's full and a great night out with old friends.Btw, as we were leaving, now close to 9:30 the wait was even longer then what we experienced, however knowing what we did, no one waiting would be disappointed!!
3 We just moved up to the area from living in the OC we have always had great experiences at all of their restaurants until we came to this one. First let me begin by we walked in at 2:30 in the afternoon and the hostess was so rude and told us the wait would be 45 minutes. We proceeded to give our name and number but my daughter was so hungry we couldn't wait so decided to leave due to the wait- we drove off and had  just left the parking lot and received a text that our table was ready. Not sure why you would tell us that the wait is 45 minutes but then you text us in 5 telling us that a table is ready. Well you lost our business- have a good day.
1 My best friend and I arrived at around 4:45, Manuel took our name and number, we requested for the booth on the right corner since we saw that the people there just finished eating and were about to leave. He said "ok, once it's clean I'll call right away it'll be about 10-15 mins", few minutes later a WHITE couple walked in but the lady insisted on sitting in the booth where we requested to seat. They ended up getting the seats, after we asked Michael and another receptionist that we were there first. He pretend he didn't remember us or saying that he assigned that booth for us. When we asked to look at the names on the list he refused to do so. He was gonna seat us in the back where we noticed that they were seating all the Black people in the back and whites in the front. Emanuel or Manuel is actually the manager of this location and he is MEXICAN trying very hard to have with a white accent. This is unacceptable and will definite call the corporate office. Apparently, he had multiple complaints already. Corporate needs to revamp the staff  in this location.
1 They have a great happy hour food selection. We all know that they go ham with the portion sizes, so if you haven't been here for HH come give it a try. It's in the Marina so you get a nice view if you come early enough to grab some good seats. Parking is valet only. I prefer sitting at the bar, drinks come faster and the wait isn't as long. My review is only for the HH.
5 While they haughtily state that reservations will only be held for 5 minutes they have no problem keeping a group *with* a reservation waiting over 30 minutes to be seated! The food was ok, service about the same. We had to request items more than once before they were brought to our table.  BTW this was on a weekday afternoon, not a busy weekend.
4 I am always a fan of their chinese chicken salad and other dishes here and not to forget the mega calories cheesecakes... I like this particular branch because you can eat with a view, a perfect pair for a nice meal.Service is always consistently good and waiter is always attentive.As far as parking goes, only valet is available.If you come before 4.30 pm then it will cost you $4.And afterwards, it will be $6.75.
4 Going today with my Family. Have been here before and have never had a bad experience. They're always so attentive, polite, and constantly checking up on you! Food is always on point and always at the perfect temperature. Highly recommend.
4 We made reservations for a party of 5; it was my daughter's 12th b-day. Initially we planned (Should have kept our original planes) to go to Cheesecake Factory in Santa Monica where I'd spoken to the manager, Diana, who was going to prepare a menu which had my daughters name on it saying happy birthday and some of the things that she liked on the menu for us to select from. We had to change our reservations to Marina Del Rey because of timing.  I was told by the manager, Martha, that this location does not provide special request, such as putting happy b-day on the menu. Really?!! Again, that should have been  my 1st indication to stick with our original planes. The biggest disappointment was the, FOOD! The food was absolutely HORRIFIC. With the 5 orders we placed, we we're unable to find any flavor, beloved me, we tried. I ordered the fettuccine Alfredo, disgusting! I would have had better luck with Marie Calendars frozen fettuccine from the grocery store. Salt and Pepper couldn't revive this dish. My husband ordered Pasta Campangaagain, sndBLAND, no flavor... my daughter orders fried cheese something (I'll post pics)  it was cold the cheese was gooey. Because it was my daughter's birthday we did not want to make a big deal and have that as a memory especially when she loves the cheesecake factory as it is a tradition for her birthday. Never have I left a restaurant where all five people had to go boxes that were completely full we did not eat anything it was a complete waste of money and a complete disappointment to my daughter's birthday.  The only good thing about our visit was our server, Jackie, she was very nice from start to finish; however, she did not make the disgusting food- she only served it. The fettuccine was recommended to us as being very good- it was not, it was HORRIBLE!!! How do you screwup Fettuccine Alfredo? We have our leftover containers still sitting in their respective boxes. A waste of food... a waste of money... a waste of time... and again a complete disappointment for my daughter's birthday I'm sure this will end our tradition of going to the cheesecake factory or at least the Marina Del Rey location as this has been our worst experience at the Cheesecake Factory. Apparently they were only able to scrounge up the day and 2 of its tiredness waitresses to sing happy birthday to my daughter. The table behind us had 5 people singing HBD to the person celebrating their bday. Sadly my daughter noticed. They were loud & celebratory as they should be when recognizing someone's special day.That person was clearly being celebrated at a different level. UNBELIEVABLE. Not surprised though since everything else has been a big, FAIL! Thank you so much Marina Del Rey Cheese Cake Factory for such an tasteless birthday dinner.
4 Definitely the best Cheesecake Factory. Great to watch the sunset and eat way to much.  Perfect place to stop with guests when they fly in.
4 Great view and they tried to create a chilled outside environment but the bus boys are gorillas slamming dishes around makes me wish I cooked at home.
2.5 Beware, rats are on the patio at nighttime and the manager Caesar doesn't care enough to accommodate traumatized customers because it's "common." He showed no compassion or empathy, and didn't offer to accommodate us until we suggested it. The least a manager can do is care about the customers they serve, and Caesar clearly doesn't. If rodents are a common occurrence because of the marina and the managers don't care how customers feel after seeing one, a sign should be put up to give us a heads up.
4 Terrible No respect for people of global majority. I came to this establishment five times & every single time I received piss poor customer service. One time I came the parking lot was a ghost town & seats were open it was Almost like no one was there then they couldn't even sit our medium size party of 6. 1/10 Don't come to this place.
3.5 Just ordered the spicy chicken sandwich and it came back tasting like fish. I'm not a seafood  fan, so this is particularly disgusting to me. The manager, Christina, tells me that its because the same fryer is used for chicken als it is for seafood and ALL Cheesecake Factories do this. She said if I wanted anything fried other than seafood, I take the risk of it tasting and smelling like fish. WTF! I've never heard of this before. Now my friend is eating alone while I wait for a non-fried entree and she her sweet potatoe fries, because they screwed that up too. So sad, I love Cheesecake Factory, but this changes everything. Now I dont trust them not to cross contaminate. My new entree arrived, after my friend finished hers and it's a warm, grilled chicken sandwich with a slice of cold cheese on a warm bun. I told Christina it looked awful and with a sneer, she responds, "I'm trying to help you." I explained the sandwich looked awful and at least melt the cheese! She said it doesn't say that on the menu. Turns out it does! She disregarded me and asked if I needed anything else.....Uh, yes, a garbage bag, not a doggy bag, because I wouldn't feed this to my dog!
3.5 Never been to this location before. I haven't had Cheesecake Factory in years. I'm vegan now so i wasn't sure what to expect. The beautiful thing is how they managed to make things work due to Covid-19. Very clean and safe place to eat. They take it very seriously when it comes to the rules of COVID. They have a large amount of food for vegan options. I was so happy! We ordered the avocado egg rolls, the Korean fried cauliflower, and i got the impossible Bolognese pasta. The view of the marina was beautiful! It was amazing, but the best part was the service provided us Ian. Super nice, very attentive, knowledgeable about the menu, a good guy and talkative. Got the job done. Loved it and enjoyed it! The food was good and the service was amazing. I will be back soon!
4 Horrible experience recently.  I eat at the Factory all of the time.  This time it was horrible.  The noodles in my dish were completely mushy and the appetizer was not cooked properly.  Suffice it to say, I ate a small portion and o expressed my concern to my waiter, but he shrugged it off.  At that time, I should have asked for a manager and baby I should have but they were so busy.  I said I'll just send them a message.   So I get a call from a very nice woman named Amanda.  She left a message.   I returned her call and she was not available so I call back today to follow up.  The manager o spoke to, named Terri was so hell bent on telling me what I should have done, and did not seem I. The least bit concerned about my dining experience or how terrible the food was.  It was my fault.  I should have done x, y and z.  Not once did she even apologize.  There was never any accountability for the folks that cooked the meal.  She asked me do I have pictures.  Really.  You think I kept the food that I bought home Tuesday.  I left the other part there. It was not edible.  You think I have time to waste calling the restaurant over $60.  Never did I complain about the service or the cocktails.  My dining partner had no issues with her meal.  Then manager acted like I insulted her personally.  Then I asked her her full name.  She did not even have the professional capacity to give me her entire name.  Thanks Terri.  I will run this to corporate.  I would have been satisfied with a mere apology and maybe an offer of a slice of cheesecake at my next visit.  After this conversation, I requested a refund. She was rude so I became rude.  Who fights with customers.
5 I love Cheesecake Factory and this one has one of the best locations with the best view. However, the management here is EXTREMELY poor. The first table our party was seated on was littered with trash and food and we were told to stand next to the table until someone came by to clean it. Next, all the heaters that surrounded our table were broken so we were taken to another table. To our dismay, the heater at that table was also broken. From the time we were seated at the first table to the time we got our food was a span of 1 hour. When our food came out it was cold. The bathrooms were extremely dirty too. This location seems to be extremely understaffed! I most definitely will not be returning. Side note: Our last waiter Carlos was amazing. He was the only employee that seemed to care about his customers.
1 We've frequented the MDR location many times & has always been great.. Till today that is.. We got there for breakfast round 9:45 in anticipation of opening at 10 as their signage states at the front door. We also called to check dogs policy, said allowed "outside patio" so we waited till 11:30  only to find out its "service dogs" not "dogs".. Get with it cheesecake factory
2 Worst place ever had a reservation today at 8:30 they went ahead and seat  me down at 9:09 are you fucking kidding me.. Every time I was asking how much longer how much longer I was told in 10 minutes and 10 minutes and 10 minutes
5 One of the best spots before Covid. But food portions and quality dropped down sincerely. Monster burrito still rules.
1 Great place to eat! I went for my cousins birthday and the server (I forgot his name, sorry) he was really great and went above and beyond to make it a special day for her! I will be back again soon!
2 Funny how afer I did my Yelp review, I got a message from Guest Services stating they want to speak to me a bit more (see attached, my initial yelp review and the response I got).  I appreciate that I got a response, except that the instructions I am given is to go to "thecheesecakefactory.com" Select General Questions and comments".  It's funny because this is how I initially communicated my dissatisfaction and complaint about our Birthday Dinner at the Marina Del Rey location, except instead of selecting "Questions and comments", I selected "Restaurant Visit Feedback" as the subject line.   I don't think it should matter what subject line a customer selected, someone should have reached out to me.  I Didn't get any response via this webpage, so after 3 1/2 weeks of waiting, I did my yelp review.  So... I'm not going to waste my time writing my complaint again via "thecheesecakefactory.com" site.  I've done that and Cheesecake didn't bother to respond (even had my phone number noted).
4 Food that I always order from other Cheesecake Factory restaurants was Horrible at this location (Marina Del Rey).  Bang Bang Chicken and Shrimp was COMPLETELY watered down.  My son's salmon looked awful as soon as it was served.  It was dry looking from the beginning.  I wrote to Cheesecake corporate directly to complain and it has been 3 weeks and never heard back.  The 1 start rating is for the location.
5 Yo dog I went to cheesecake factory and the food was tasty! I mean Yum Yum for the tum tum. My name is squeaky and I love the food. When it comes to tasty food in my opinion then nothing better than some cheesecake factory. I got the cheeseburger done extra well done. And I asked for some burnt french fries. So tasty so good. I asked him if I can get a scoop of ice cream for dessert and they told me they had cheesecake I never had cheesecake in my life but I tried it. The cheesecake taste pretty good it ain't no vanilla ice cream but the cheesecake was pretty good. I'm out squeaky out peace
5 Horrible customer service. Don't even bother coming here. Workers treat customers like an inconvenience, and management team is no better. The community wins if this shitty place shuts down for good. An embarrassment to all the other Cheesecake Factories in this region.
1 I really like their food. We came here a few months ago & sat outside due to Covid. I had the chicken & biscuits, it was good. And you can't beat the ambience, you have a water & beach view. But the greatest thing was (of course) their cheesecake. I had the white chocolate raspberry cheesecake & it was excellent. Also, our server was so nice and made us feel right at home. Good job, Cheesecake Factory!
4 PISS POOR MANAGEMENT AND LOCATIONI came to this restaurant Friday night and it was the worst experience I've encountered from any location. I'm new to the area and although Killer Shrimp was suggested, I figured I'd come next door to CF since I've been to many many locations and the food and service is ALWAYS consistent....until I reached this subpar mess of a dining experience.It started with valet. I sat and sat and sat and sat in the car, waiting for valet to open the door - to which it never happened. Ok. I let myself out and go inside.Approach the host and hostess. Advised we wanted a table for 2. The host told us to check back in 5 mins so we went to the bar. Ordered 2 drinks - Passionfruit Martini and Makers & Coke then my friend asked where was the beeper for the table notification. We didn't get one so I go back to the hostess stand. Im looking for the host who said to return in 5 mins. I was told he clocked out and should have given us the beeper. It's chaos at the stand. I tell them we are ready then go back to collect my friend and our friend and grab our drinks from the bar. The new hostess is clearly overwhelmed (clear to me because I'm a Holistic Practitioner who's certified in various energy modalities) and so I encourage her to stay positive and hand her a $20 tip which she attempts to refuse but I insisted. We get seated.After about 20 mins talking we realize no one has come to collect our order. Finally we order appetizers Crispy Crab Bites and Korean Fried Cauliflower.  20 mins or so later, the crab bites comes out. 10 mins later the cauliflower comes out. But not the waiter again to take our food order. Finally the waiter comes about 15 mins later, then sits down to take our actual food order?! We decide on the Eggroll Sampler platter rather than entrees after all this and order our 2nd round of the same drinks. Another 20 mins later he comes back  they ran out of the everything except the avocado rolls on the sampler?! We jokingly tell the waiter about all the problems at the restaurant.About 15 mins later the manager comes to say hi, which we assumed was to address the problems, but he never brought them up. While the mgr talks I'm swatting away 2 knats circling our the sticky Korean cauliflower. To which the manager ACKNOWLEDGES, mumbles something about calling a cleaning service...THEN WALKS AWAY.Then I decided it's time to go and didn't even finish my drink. I head to the restroom. Squat to pee and THERE IS NOOOOO TOILET PAPER and I lost my shit!!! Literally.I came out. Asked for the manager and he NEVER came back out so I erroneously fusses at the girl at the cheesecake bar who i want to apologize because it wasn't her fault but it was GROSS!!! I don't go around not wiping my pee and thankfully I was headed home but this place is disgusting in professionalism, food management and service. And for the coward ass manager to NEVER come address the concerns and let his staff take the fall is pathetic!!!Spent about $100 in this shitty ass location and all we got was a couple drinks and 1-1/2 appetizers that the knats started feasting on! Now that I write this, I'm escalating this to corporate because this location makes the ENTIRE brand look subpar.
4 Horrible, just horrible. Got here for lunch on a Sunday afternoon. I cant find other words to express this experience other than HORRIBLE. Our server was not bad but I found a short hair in my salad and told our waiter he asked the manager to attend to us. It took a great 10 minutes to come to our table. Then she came over I showed the hair to her and she asked if we wanted a replacement which we refused. They didn't charge the salad but who cares...  I had already lost my appetite. Service was really awful here. Also we order cocktails and I can swear there was 0 alcohol in it and yet they charged +12$ for each.
4 Horrible! The waiting time for the place is honestly so unacceptable I'm not sure how people actually eat here. What really made my experience worse than an hour wait was the fact that they "mistaken" the wait time and I ended up waited an additional 2 hours and just completely over this restaurant. If you can avoid this restaurant than do so!
4 The view and the view. Always good stuff on the menu, friendly staff especially Ashly! Love you gurl!! I love this location!
4 Good dinner last night. They did a good job of accommodating our party of eight relatively quickly.  The place was busy and service was a bit overwhelmed, but did a decent job of attending to our needs. Seemed like there wasn't any support staff, like busboys to tend to those duties. Food was delicious as usual. This is a scenic location at the marina. Overall a good dining experience.
2.5 I usually enjoy coming here and the food is always great but due to Covid I ordered through DoorDash. The pickup was seem less but the food was a waste of money. I bought a filet mignon steak medium and it was completely charred complete waste of money. When I called the restaurant they didn't make it right. Disappointed in their customer service most of all.
4 The people that work in here are really nice, the managers are really nice, the food is average and the price is acceptable. However a $7.50 for valet parking, it is absolutely unacceptable. Maybe if this was a five-star restaurant, but the valet charge can literally be Half of your dinner. It just makes no sense, and then of course the valet guys expect a tip as well.... Have you guys gone completely mad? Can you please get back to planet earth?
3.5 Save yourself the trouble and don't waste your time at this location. The staff seems overwhelmed during busy days. Terrible service due to not enough staff for the number of customers. Horrible experience and walked out. Never going there again.
3.5 The five stars are for our waitress. She was amazing, attentive and kind. The food was good and if it wasn't she  would have made up for it. Didn't get her name but she was an older black woman who seriously understood customer service. We celebrated a birthday and she was a great addition to our memory. Thank you for hiring people who get it. She didn't just drop off drink and plates she talked to us, checked on us and never left us with empty cups. When she brought the bday cheesecake slice out she got everyone involved in signing. This all happened today around 1:00pm.
4 This my FAVORITE  Cheesecake Factory restaurant hands down. Service is always great.The views from the outdoor eating is great at any time dusk is probably best though.Their calamari is literally the best and i have had many at expensive/seafood restaurants.
1 The Best CheeseCake Factory Location the food service is great, the patio view is amazing I love it here.!
1 We placed our order online.  When we went to pick it up, they couldn't find it, despite the fact that we had a confirmation code.  We waited 30 minutes while they looked for it.  Then their electricity went out.  When we called to get our money refunded - (we paid online when we ordered) for the food we  never received we were put on hold for 30 minutes, then told we would need to call back the next day.   It took another 30 minutes the following day on the phone to get our refund.  We had our 2 year old granddaughter with us.  She was so hungry when we didn't get our order, we ended up driving through Jack in the Box.   The worst part is that nobody from the cheesecake factory even bothered to apologize.
5 Thank you Juan for your service and questions i had! I Appreciate how hard you hustle when you're under the clock. Always smiling, always here to assist!
4 Try and sit in Sean J section he really knows how to serve his patrons with a warm smile. He was very attentive and made sure everything was satisfactory and our beverages were kept full. He was very helpful in finding out what was on my burger as I didn't know what the sauce was, and I was hesitant. The sauce was a very delicious wine sauce btw. The food is really good and the portions are just right. It's enough for two.All the ingredients are fresh. Including the salad dressing is made fresh. Which I tried to pry the recipe from them but they said it's a secretMost pleasant afternoon at the marina
5 The Cheesecake Factory in Marina Del Rey has a nice patio overlooking the water.  Lots of boats, kayaks and alike can be seen.  You can also walk down to the water. This place gets very busy at times so make reservations if you can. The food is typical for CKF.  The service was good.
4 Made a reservation for 5:30pm. Got seated one hour and 30 minutes later... front desk people were very rude and even got the number wrong the first time.. the food took forever.. the server as well disappeared and appeared when it was time for the check. Didn't get refills. Our birthday girl found a hair in her food..  currently here now... it's taking forever to get our cheesecake to go and the check... Terrible service.. and reservation planning.. we have been here since 5:30pm... still here.. waiting.
2 This was our second visit to this particular location in the last month. Our first meal was on Fathers Day, the staff and kitchen performed perfectly.It seems (generally speaking) that really busy restaurants do great when they are really busy. Service is faster, more urgent. The kitchen is hall'inass so they don't get backed up. And yet when the pace is a bit slower the entire process slows down, the servers are MIA for ages it seems. The back of the house lacking the need for speed seems to casually process orders.I believe the slower pace provides an opportunity to get distracted, have some horse play, and the I'm in no hurry today syndrome takes affect.So while we enjoyed both of our meal experiences in the last month, understand that your not in charge of the place. The best you can do is try to relax, enjoy the meal, and go with the flow.  Foodguy-martin
3 This location never reads special instructions when placing a delivery order. I do not prefer any sauces or condiments on my food so that the food is not a soggy mess when it arrives at my home. Every time I place an order with this location and request sauces to be put on the side, no tomato, or dressing on the side, etc. it is not listened to. Food shows up wet, soggy, and a pile of gross mess. For the prices that this establishment charges, they really need to start paying attention to the special instructions requested by their customers. This is also not the fault of the delivery drivers or the delivery apps on which the restaurant tries to place blame.
2 Parking attendants were rude   I am not coming back here to avoid interacting with them.
1 Very poor service and management. They don't answer the phone. Then when they do, you are left literally 8-10 min and need to call multiple times to order. Not to mention how often your order is wrong. Used to be great! But not any longer. We have started dining other places.
4 The food here is just average . Take advantage of their reservation option so you don't have to wait . We had gray customer service .
4 My server was Jason, and he was very friendly and made my experience here so much better. I will definitely be returning to this location and look forward to meeting more servers like the amazing Jason. Nicole was our hostess and she was also super friendly. What great people! Fantastic service.
4 Ordered Orange chicken today for pick up. What a disappointment  that was! The chicken was so dry and had hardly any orange sauce at all.We are bringing you our business and are counting on a good flavorful meal during this crisis. So it's really bad business to pass this lackluster portion with no flavor, as an edible meal!
4 One of the first Cheesecake Factory locations I ever visited.  Have only had good experiences here.  Efficient staff, clean restaurant, and good food.  Of course, the cheesecakes are amazing!  If they weren't so expensive, then I would purchase slices to go.There are a couple of things which differentiate this branch.  Beautiful location in Marina Del Rey by the ocean!!  Valet parking only.  Wish there was a Cheesecake Factory in my hometown!
4 I really, really question why there is always such a long line outside this place. I live nearby so have been a few times out of pure convenience and I can tell you, it's not worth the money or hype it receives. As mentioned, there is always a ridiculously long line, my food order is consistently wrong, and service is terrible (I'm sure it's from the sheer chaos of the place). I've eaten at several other CF's in my lifetime, and unlike the MDR one, they have been passable. I think this location survives based on their heavily tourist clientele. Do yourself a favor and order a slice of cheesecake to-go and skip the actual food.
2.5 I use to love cheesecake factory ambience but sometimes service was really bad you can end up to waiting your food for 30mins!! that's ok if you have a time to sit around all night the food just ok not good not bad and valet so expensive.
4 Something for everybody should be their theme. The Cheesecake Factory Marina Del Rey has always been one of their best locations. Located in the Marina, there is a large valet only parking lot and the dining room and area is very large. You wouldn't really think about this because often times this location is just packed wall to wall.The menu is long and eclectic. The variety of dishes are substantial. Old school favorites such as the Cajun Jambalaya to the Chicken Madeira still exist. Even my favorite default of the Herb Roasted Chicken is still tasty good. Cheese cake/dessert selections are just what they are known for, and a good bar rounds off their fanfare.What keeps me coming back is their consistency and overall great service. My only complaint is that some of their taste isn't as bold anymore, and portion sizes are shrunken inversely to inflation.Great thing though, you can order food at the bar if you can't wait for a dining table.
3.5 Hi. It took so long to get my food. My appetizers come on by one. I got there  hour ago! My  Fries were cold not warm up. They messed up my order for dinner. They did not bring me my burger after the messed up the order
3.5 Amazing food! Bring your family for massive dishes! The drinks were amazing as well highly recommend! Love this place!
4 I have visited many other Cheesecake Factory restaurants; Cerritos, Newport Beach  Pasadena and The Grove.  & I have always had a pleasant experience By far Marina Del Rey was very unpleasant. The server introduced herself " Ariel " her attitude was very dry not welcoming she took our order. When our food was brought out ,  I asked Ariel  politely for parmesan cheese after a few minutes I kept trying to flag her down and she wouldn't come to our table when she finally came I was about to finish up with my plate .We asked for bread and she told us it wasn't out yet when we saw other guest being served bread. We asked another server and he was like sure he brought us a basket. " Ariel" never came to check on us through out our dinner experience we tried calling her for : cheese, re-fill on our drinks , straws, dressing. We felt ignored. When she brought our bill she placed our bill on the table without the "Bill Holder".  Other guest got one placed on their table. It might sound petty but we felt we were treated unfair. We left 15% of tip despite the poor service.  My family and I felt very uncomfortable and not welcomed ! It was an awful experience.
1 Consumer Complaint Division was notified of our dining experience and the multiple problems we had with the extremely poor service performed during our six-hour visit for a graduation celebration, at the Marina del Rey location on June 6th, 2019I am dissatisfied with the restaurant and the service provided because we were made to wait 3 hours for a table to be seated separately, given poor quality service and threatened.  We expected to wait which is why we arrived at 6:30 pm.  Although upon check in we were told approximately 1  1/2 to 2 hours to wait, we were told at the two-hour mark that we were not assigned a spot on the waiting list, even though we were given a buzzer (#67).  A few minutes later we were told that our table was given away to another large party.  We waited another hour for our party to be seated, separately.  Upon being seated (separately) we proceeded to put in our drink and food orders.  We complained and the manager offered us 1 appetizer for our entire party of 15.  After an additional hour our party was moved together.  Yet, only half of our party's meals arrived to the table while the other half were made to wait another half hour.  The various managers were sought yet no attempt to resolve this matter was made.  The managers were very smug.  One manager came to the table to address the issue and simply left for the evening.  He did not return to the table nor address the issue.  The only answers we received was that it was graduation season and things were busy.  Finally, our food arrived cold and inedible.  Again, we attempted to complain to a manager, and we were told that we could receive 25% off.  The graduate and her mother both cried during this experience.  The final insult was one of the managers threatening our party with calling the police if we did not pay the bill when he reduced it and returned to the table.  Not that any of us even mentioned to them that this might occur.  I have already attempted to resolve this problem by attempting to reason with the various manager whose cards were collected.  I have records of these business cards and receipt for $204.16 (after reduction of inedible and cold food left on the table) available upon request.  Yet in still, unfortunately, the problem remains unresolved.  I requested a refund of our remaining bill.  It is extremely disheartening that our graduate will remember her graduation night this way.  It saddens me that she worked all these years to graduate and this was the finale.  Yet in still corporate has denied the request stating that one of our members returned to the resturant the next day which did not occur.  Additionally, it was stated that they can't tell how much food was left on the table so they don't know what to reimburse. But, the insight managers were contacted.  Humanistically corporate should see a problem in this matter and want further address this matter in addition to our multiple complaints not being addressed on sight. Furthermore, please see the multiple recent complaints noted here from others including racial biases
1 Truly the worst location I've been to. We stopped in for dinner tonight. It wasn't busy so yay. I guess not being busy also means the least efficient servers are on duty. I swear, our server was the slowest, least attentive server we've ever had at any CF location. Bread, what bread? Why even mention it if you're never going to bring it? My Miso salmon was almost burned and it was kind of dry. I always order this so I'm pretty familiar with how it should be. The peas were shriveled and the brown rice was hard and dry. My husband had the chicken piccata. Two kinds of pasta on the plate. That's not how it should be. Our server never checked on us so we had to flag down a manager to bring the bill and pick it up. On our way out we decided to get Cheesecake too go. Banana cheesecake didn't have the usual fresh sliced bananas and tiramisu whipped cream oozed out of the container. Real classy presentation.  We were there to celebrate a special occasion. Thanks for ruining the moment, Cheesecake Factory. Crossing this location off our list forever.
2 First issue: I hate paying for parking.  $7 parking fee and required valet parking which is steep for LA. Our waiter was a little slow and inattentive.  We had to ask for multiple things instead of being offered such as bread.  The food was good but this is definitely one of the worst cheesecake factories I've been to.
4 I highly recommend the Cheesecake Factory in the marina del Rey, all staff are friendly and the manager is so awsome very nice lady sadly I did get her name but was very nice. My boys and I enjoyed all the food that we ordered thank you ! Highly recommend!
1 Service needs a complete over-haul and it starts with management. The wait time starts at 45min on any given day, then another 45-60min for your food to be served. I've given this specific locations so many opportunities to do better unfortunately nothing much has changed and management isn't too concerned with customer experience.
1 Prepare yourself to wait 3+ hours. We came as a party of 5 and were estimated 2 hours but have been waiting well beyond that with no end in sight :(
1 Terrible experience both dine in and take out. This place's kitchen is not up to par with other Cheesecake Factory branches. The Salmon I ordered dine in was sticky and the lemon sauce was watery and sticky too. The burgers we ordered to go as medium well were dry and burnt hard and there was no cheese added to our sandwiches despite including it in the bill.But the most disgusting of all is the tiny young lady who was working at the pick up counter packing the orders, she was dipping her fingers in whip cream and licking with her tongue then using her hands that were in her mouth to package the orders. She would also lift the lids to check the orders with her breathe and face just inches away from the food... so beyond disgusting. I called to speak to the manager to discuss this unhygienic behavior but they never picked up the phoneStay away from this location for sure
5 Lord bless me how have I stepped foot into this place? By chance, no, but it was definitely not my choice during the time. Ok, the goods- cocktails, they're massive. I mean, the glasses they serve the drinks in are like 1.5 times larger than normal sizes. I had a dirty martini and man let's say it took me a while to finish it. Not complaining, the more the merrier. The food, not memorable. The highlight was probably the table bread.. The crab cakes were way too oily.. the avocado eggrolls were interesting..Anyway, if you were to go to a Cheesecake Factory (under your own will) this will be the spot. Forget about the food, you've got a good view ahead and some long drinks to gobble. That shall do.
3 Seriously, you guys need to get your act together. No drinks, no bread, out of food, no deserts!!! Makes no sense!!!!
1 This place is completely overrated. Luckily the wait wasn't that bad. I wish I could say the same about the food and the service. They weren't crowded the day I went yet they were acting as if they were over sooo many people. The food clearly was rushed. A plate which said "hot" in thr menu was not even warm. The server was rarely seen and spent a lot of her time socializing with her co-workers. My experience might be different than others but definitely not eager to come back any time soon.
4 Not a long wait Fast service Nice waiter Delicious food Knowledgeable waiterDon't have to wait long for coffeeCheesecake delicious
4 No taste or flavor . Honestly been to all cheesecake factories in the la area and this one was by far the worst .
4 Beautiful location on the marina. Valet parking. Outdoor/indoor seating. Playground out front for kids. Usually a wait. Kind of expensive considering the food is hit or miss depending on how busy they are. Calamari is not crispy....ever.Obviously the cheesecake is HEAVENLY! Oreo and banana are unbelievable. The bar service is slow and sloppy/dirty. The glasses never look clean to me. The table service can be really good depending on which server you get.I think if they had a few good hands-on managers they could whip this place into 5 stars.
4 Hi, I'm writing this review to warn costumers and the manager about the incident that occurred to me at the Cheesecake Factory. I had a lunch there with my friend and everything was great. The view was excellent, the food was delicious, and I really enjoyed the meal.When the bill arrived I paid with cash. The waiter (I needed to write his name), brought me change. I looked at it and the $10 was missing! I waived to the water and when he came to the table I asked him: "Excuse me where is the rest of the money?" The waiter made unhappy face and pulled out from his pocket $10... He knew exactly how much he took and the exact amount that was missing... At first I thought it could be an honest mistake, but his action proved that he planned to steal those money. My friend and I sat at the table for some time in silence. Completely shocked... What we should of done was ask for the manager, because he needed to know about this kind of employe! We were so shoked, we didn't even think straight and just left.It actually happened a few month ago, and my friends who owe business told me to write it on yelp. I hope people will see it and the manager as well. I really hope that this guy will get caught for his actions. I'm sure we were not his first victims.
4 I visited this place 25th July. I ordered for pick up and they text me that my order was ready at 12.25pm.I waited 30 more minutes (12:55pm) but I couldn't pick up my order(it wasn't ready yet). After, I said to decline a manager my order and return my money, because I didn't have time. So, I haven't had my money back yet
2.5 After having these arrangements for a month, Cheesecake Factory failed in their follow-up for us to have our chosen dedicated area for a birthday celebration.My friend, who I would just identify as "C.", made all the restaurant arrangements a month ago.   She was assured that we would have the lower patio (just to the right as you go outside to the patio area).  It is well shaded as it is right by the restaurant and there's lots of space to put the big umbrellas.  The event was scheduled to start at 4PM.  As requested by the restaurant, C. arrived promptly at 3:15PM.  She was aghast when she saw that that Cheesecake Factory was still placing other patrons in our designated area.  Not sure when these folks were seated in the area, but at 3:45PM (15 min before scheduled event), it was clear that at least at one of the tables, the people were just starting to eat their entrees!   Joe, the Manager, told C. that they couldn't very well rush the people out now.  It would scream common sense that if the area has been committed to a large party, that they would STOP SEATING OTHER PEOPLE THERE, in sufficient time.   I saw absolutely no intent on Joe's part to get us the originally designated area.  His whole attitude was "oh well".  You have to understand, C. is one of the nicest people you'll ever hope to meet, and not one to insist on the original promised arrangements.Whereas, it is true, that Cheesecake Factory does not normally take reservations, they did tell C. that they would hold this area for our party.   At least the original intent seemed nice.  But, frankly, if they didn't intend to, they shouldn't have made the commitment.   So instead, they smashed us in the adjoining upper patio area, just beyond the lower area C. originally designated.  It was a "take it or leave it" situation.  If you look at other Yelp reviews, Cheesecake Factory (Joe - ?) does this a lot:  once a large group is committed, Cheesecake Factory makes last minute changes to suit themselves, based on maximum revenue potential.  They know darn well, now that a large group is committed and already started arriving, it's virtually impossible for us to go elsewhere.   The problem with the new area * It is 30% smaller that the original designated lower area.* A lot of table and chair juggling just to ensure that all of us could fit* Because of the smaller size, most of the umbrellas had to be removed * With no umbrellas, and the new location, most of us now had to sit in the sun (the lower originally designated area would have had plenty of comfortable shade).* With us smashed in this smaller area, to get in and out, half of us had to climb over each other. Around 4:20PM, after we finally settled down in this cramped area, Joe had the nerve to ask C, with very bad grace by the way, "Where are the rest of your people?!"  By then we were still expecting 5 more people, but the rest of us had already ordered our initial refreshments and appetizers, and were already perusing the menu.  C. was frankly shocked at Joe's question / demand.  What did Joe expect, that C. is to call the 5 missing people and demand they make an immediate appearance?!   Jeez - how long has he been in the restaurant/ hospitality business?  As for the food, it's what you would expect: overpriced for the quality, with a solid rating of "eeah" (technically eatable).   The best food item was the cake, and we brought that ourselves.The ONLY saving grace:  Mel, our waitress, was wonderful!     She tried her best to accommodate us in the smaller patio area, with kindness and grace.Did I enjoy myself:  YES -- but only because of my great group of friends.  Would I, myself, ever choose Cheesecake Factory as a venue for a large party - NO.
4 First off this restaurant gets very busy so I would highly recommend a reservation. And I learned if you come early you can try and find a seat in the bar at the high tops and have a drink, no food is served at those tables. We were there at 5pm and it was very crowded both in the restaurant and outside. The service was good, it took at least 10-15 minutes until our server greeted us but then after that our food came out promptly and tasted delicious. The reason for the 3 stars was for the horrible bathroom situation: paper towels, toilet covers, and toilet paper everywhere on the bathroom floor. And to top it off no toilet paper in any stall. Luckily there was soap and hand paper towels to wash and dry your hands with. I recommend this restaurant just be ready for a very busy and loud atmosphere and not well taken care of bathrooms. No disappointments on their specialty drinks (dirty martini and bourbon& honey) or food (sweet corn tamale cakes, chicken Bellagio, and Louisiana chicken pasta) and obviously none on their cheesecakes (banana cream and mango coconut)!
3.5 Came here for my cousin birthday, we ordered and sat at the bar and none of our food was hot. Our waitress ignored her numerous times until we called her to assist us. Will never come here again. Also valet should be free after you've spent 100s of dollars in a restaurant! Tip only
3.5 The food is always delicious & the service is always friendly and efficient. Reservations are highly  recommended because they are always busy (especially if you want to sit outdoors). Most times, indoors appears quite empty and the kitchen is slow getting the food out. My biggest gripe is with the front desk. Even though we make online reservations, there is always confusion & questions, always. They then allow others to butt-in and start conversations and get taken care of before you, then ask another service members to help. The second service member then asks the same questions and appears just as confused. This has happened on three separate occasions. Not sure if there is a staffing issue but if the front desk could pay better attention and the kitchen could get food out quicker, this place would be five-stars.
4 Very bad service, it seemed like the manager had a very bad attitude. We witnessed a man fall right in front of the staff and nobody helped him. They got are orders mixed up they added food to our bill we did not order. This was not a good experience.
1 The person on the phone hung up on me. Our server was fine.However at the end of the meal, I asked the head waitress for the bill and a to go box, and very curtly, she said "go ask your waiter". She was quite rude, and it kind of sucks because we have been coming here for years, and to see the service level drop so low was sad to see.
1 We came here on a Saturday night and it was packed. Be aware, you are pretty much forced to valet your car so if you don't like people driving your car or like paying like $5-$10 for valet, consider going someplace else. When you drive in, it's pretty difficult to change your mind and leave as it is all backed up with cars. Inside, it felt pretty small compared to other Cheesecake Factories we've been to. Still nice, and a cool view of Marina. Ended up over an hour for a table when they said it would take 30 min. Found seating in the bar area instead which was great but you could tell they were short staffed. Waiting another 15 for waiter to arrive and even longer for drinks, bread, and finally food. Nonetheless, food was great and tasted as it always does.  It was worth the wait but will consider other places to eat at in the future just because of how busy it can get, along with  the wait times.
2 The one star is not for the establishment as a whole but for the waitress named Miriam who took over an hour to bring out water. Over an hour to turn on heater. Have an attitude when I asked for bread. Over two hours to take our order. And had an attitude with me when I asked for my food and told me what I asked her was on the menu and I needed to read it, which it wasn't. She needs to work on her people skills and time management skills. John the manager was very helpful once we told him the issue! Along with the head manager Alissa!(John and Alissa are the reason for the extra star)
1 We got takeout on a Wednesday night for our birthday dinner. We ordered about 5-6 items and they were all quick to be ready! About 30 minutes and they even texted us when it was ready. I got the bacon bacon cheeseburger in medium but it looked rare when I got it. The fries weren't as fresh to me and were kinda cold and the bottom bun was completely soggy. Actually my boyfriend and my sister who all also got burgers agreed that all of their bottom buns were soggy. Honestly besides that it would have been delicious. The pickup for the food was outside right next to the actual entrance which was easier than going inside and waiting with everyone else. I enjoy the vast menu options but the execution wasn't my favorite
2 Sorry to have to say this because I've been going there for years but this place is really slipping hard. It's become messy, sloppy, under staffed and the very rude girls at the front desk really put a damper on our special occasion. This tall Caucasian girl with brown hair who must be 18 behaved as if we were interrupting her fun when we wanted a table.  I told her it was a special occasion and she offered one of the worst tables available. Then threw the menus on the table and walked off. We we're stunned. I don't want to stop coming here but this happened twice with the same girl. Before these times it's been a really long wait for the food and the place has lost its spark. It's a mess and I really don't like it there anymore.
5 this review is for the whole chain, although different locations do differ a bit in quality (the worst being the sherman oaks):    ~~ they have the best burger in town, hands down.  ~~ due to the closure of a number of iconic other restaurants in the past 5      years, they also now have the best clubhouse sandwich in town.  they use     REAL roasted turkey - not deli 'turkey' (which everyone else insists on      [falsely] calling "fresh, oven-roasted", when it's clearly from a package).~~ the mashed potatoes are killer.  there's no dish i've ever had in all the decades, that wasn't satisfactory.  the only thing i don't care for at all (and never order) is their cheesecake!  it's not terrible or bad or anything; it's just not great (and for $8 a slice and all those fat calories and sugar, i want great!).  :)
5 I can honestly say I really had a bad experience after I Whaley hour and 20 minutes after they lost our place in line. P.s  the crab artichoke dip is horrible
1 Night shift team is garbage. Make sure you only go during the day.
1 No reservations. Totally normal location except the 2 hour wait. Service was great, food was good.
3 This location is the worst place I've ever experienced I've reserved a patio outdoor (corner table) but during seating they went and seated us in the middle & there was a empty corner seating but they refused to honor it.Their excuse was nobody told them in the front which was a lie.
1 Seated quickly. Sat outside in own secluded area.  Service was hood. Good was good & big portions. Margaritas were good but moscow mule & shirley temples not so good. Would definitely eat here again.
2 Chicken Bellagio with shrimp. Delicious thanks to the awesome waiter Shane's suggestion. Will definitely order again.
4 This is the first and last time I'll probably ever be at this Cheesecake Factory. I placed an order online for pickup during my lunch hour.  I came here on time for pick up and see a crowd of people all standing around waiting for their meals that they also placed online for pick up 30-60 minutes ago. We haven't seen any meals for pick up being brought out and the only ones have been DoorDash orders which are picked up at the main entrance....not this makeshift side one.  There are people who have come in the same time that I arrived to pick up food who have finished eating and leaving...I've waited over an hour past the pick up time and my food isn't ready.  The cashier has been completely unhelpful.  He also has not been hand sanitizing the entire time (over an hour) that I've been waiting despite constantly touching his belt, using the handheld radio, handling people's orders, cash, and cards.  There are now over 20 people standing in front of the cashier all waiting for food in the scorching sun wayyyy past their pick up time. No accommodations have been made to make anyone more comfortable.  I'm incredibly disappointed in this entire encounter and highly recommend against anyone visiting this location.
1 Three stars for the Cheesecake Factory Marina Del Rey.   We arrived with a party of 6 at 4:45 on a Sunday and there were tons of people waiting at the door.  We were told that it was a 30-40 minute wait if we sat inside, and it was a 10-15 minute wait if we were willing to sit outside in the sun. Brandon C. was our waiter and he did a wonderful job at helping out our table.  Fortunate for us, we had two (very) senior people at our table and he was super patient with them!  Thanks!For drinks, I had a lemondrop martini.  The drink tasted like a very concentrated lemonaid, but boy did it kick a punch!   It came in a sugared rim glass and a lemon twist.   Very clean and refreshing!  Grade:  BFor my main meal, I decided to order a tapas sampling from their "skinny menu".  The first dish was an arugula salad.  YUM!  The dish was baby arugula served with freshly sliced parm cheese, and toasted almonds and yellow rasins.  The dressing was a citrus and olive oil sauce and it was simply delicious!  Grade:  A-My second tapas sampling was the beet & goat cheese salad.  This dish was red beets cubed, tossed with granny smith apple chunks, and served with arugula salad and toasted pecans.  The salad had a lot of potential, but somehow it missed the mark for me.  Perhaps it was because the beets were dull (didn't taste like freshly cooked beets, nor did they taste like canned beets).   Nothing popped out at me while eating the salad.  Grade:  B-My third tapas sampling was the artichoke heart and krab dip.  There was a dip made up of artichoke hearts, krab pieces, and cream sauce.  Served with about 6-7 slices of French bread toastinis.   This dish missed the mark for me.  In fact, it took 2 bites of the dish and decided to throw the rest away.  It lacked flavor, and it tasted like it was slopped together.  Wasn't worth the stomach space.  Grade:  D-For my dessert, I orderd the red velvet cheesecake!  OMG DELICIOUS!   This was the highlight of my meal!  This was two layers of red velvet cake, with a middle of cheesecake, and topped with a rich cream cheese topping.   This was perhaps the best cheesecake that I've eaten at this restaurant chain!   The serving was huge and it was fun to eat!  Grade:  A-.What I liked best about the dining experience was that the menu was HUGE!  There was like 20 pages of a menu - varying from American, to Asian, to a bit of creole in the dish choices.  There is always something for everyone to eat here - and this was reflected in the very diverse clintele eating here!Food Grade:  BService Grade:  B+     Thanks Brandon C. Worth the Money Grade:  BOverall Impression Grade:  B
5 Great selection and large portion to share are save for later.  The service is fast and friendly.  Safety measures are taken to ensure everyone's safety.  The only draw back is parking.  Park on Washington and walk over to get a little exercise before and your meal.
4 My shrimp scampi was served so cold that the oil in the sauce was coagulated and the pasta was yellow on the outside, but white underneath the pile plopped in the middle of the plate. Served without a spoon and steak was served without a steak knife. Extra bread was finally served after we finished the meal. Food was mediocre. Not a good experience. Don't go. If you want pasta, go to C&O instead.
4 $40 in total to end up couldn't share the pasta was not enough.Four cheese pasta was without sauce and I miss two cheese.Expensive in price, kinda cheap in quality and quantity.
4 My all time favorite restaurant! The service is always great and the servers are always very attentive. My favorite dish here is the spicy chicken chipotle pasta, and sometimes I get it over rice (so amazing). Everything here is amazing, from the appetizers, entrees to the amazing cheesecakes! Can never go wrong going to dinner at the Cheesecake Factory!
4 I love all Cheesecake Factory restaurants that I have been to and this one is the same. The only thing I hate about this one more than the others is the wait and the parking. But, it's Marina Del Rey so some things just come with the territory.Restaurant: It's on the water. It's on the WATER! Yes, you have a view of the marina if you sit outside and it's a nice view. They put two or three too many tables out on their patio in my opinion but otherwise, the view is lovely while you are slightly squeezed between patrons. The fire lamps are way too hot for people who have hot flashes. I mean, during the winter, they are perfect but during the summer, I swear they emit some sort of heat even while off. Oh goodness! Otherwise, all of the Cheesecake Factory restaurants have pretty much the same decor inside.Food: While I was mad, hurt and literally disgusted with Cheesecake Factory for removing TWO items from their menu, I was able to find something to ALMOST satisfy me as much as the TWO items they removed. We started with their crab cake bites. I LOVE THESE LITTLE THINGS!! You have NO IDEA how much I LOVE THESE LITTLE THINGS! It's like popcorn crab balls lol. They are DIVINE! Their chicken parm sandwich is delish!! It's big so you must have an appetite because I don't think their bread would taste well if reheated. I usually get a salad as a side instead of the fries. I want to make sure I finish the entire sandwich. It's not dry either, thank goodness!! I also love their bleu cheese dressing. My friend enjoyed her Steak Diane and mashed potatoes. Lemme tell ya, she is NOT easy to please. Items removed: Shrimp and Bacon Club Sandwich & Chicken Picatta. I'm STILL hurt and they removed both items years ago. Service: Same good service I receive at every Cheesecake Factory I frequent. Odds & Ends: Valet parking, no choice. Hate it! Valet people are nice but hate it! The restroom needs to be redone and expanded. Two stalls and one is handicapped. The non-handicapped stall is just odd to get into and I can't understand why only two stalls when so many women are in this restaurant. Maybe I went to the wrong restroom and there was another one on the opposite end. The women's restroom by the door just a bother unless you use the handicapped stall and that's just rude when you aren't handicapped and the other stall is vacant and working fine.
4 Food is good and service is great, not to mention this spot has an ocean view. Marina Del Rey location is definitely in my top 3 spots for last minute dining.
2.5 Was here middle of Jan this year, it's been a while since I move to a diff town, came here with my mom the Hostess said 1 hour and a half wait for two people it's true it's a busy weekend after 20 mins she said our table is ready, I'm very happy with the service here, also she sat us inside with a beautiful view.
4 Not sure what's up w the hate comments, but I will always always love this location, I've been to different locations it's just d service are way different compared to this one in Marina I love this place, Soo Romantic and staffs are more professional I would say. Keep up the good work
3.5 This place is great.Food, service, location.No reservations so come early!The black bread is delicious.
3.5 Was there for my mom's birthday we had to wait a little over an hour cause we needed a table for 8 but instead it was just 5 of us our waiter Chandler was a nice, friendly  always anticipating what you need kind of waiter which was awesome.  The food was good as usual mine seem a little  favorless which was Shrimp scampi.  The bread is good as usual as well. & oh the desert  is AWESOME  as well.
4 I have to first start off by saying this is the BEST CHEESECAKE FACTORY I've been to by far. From the delectable foods and ambrosial ambiance to the delightful decor  and surprisingly speedy service, this location cannot be rivaled. The main purpose for going to this location was to catch it to have dinner before the sunset! Apparently that didn't quite work since I live in Southern LA area and it being LA traffic was a major factor.. I didn't quite make it on time and got there when the sun was already in! Either way I still go to enjoy the perfect weather and breeze this place offers.Upon arrival the inside looked quite small so the hostess offered the "Beach Front" which I had no idea what it was, thought the patio was where we were going to be seated, I was wrong, this place is actually closer to the water and from what I heard she said its "NEW". I was amazed how everything look well set up... you have fire pits, cabanas, lounge etc. It was just amazing how everything looked, you wouldn't think it was Cheesecake Factory... and that is why I say.. THIS IS THE BEST ONE I'VE BEEN TO! Another thing you have to keep in mind if you want to dine in the Beach Front.. they only offer the Top 100 dishes on their menu.Now on to the service!.. Service was GREAT and our waiters name was IAN. I asked what drinks he recommends and which will have a better acquiring taste! He was on top of things very polite and never once did he disappear after he took our order (which usually happens at most places.) I assume at times waiters know who looks like a "BIG TIPPER" so they tend to cater more to those people. But that was not the case here because I sure don't look like or dress the part of a BIG TIPPER, but in this case I did not mind putting down a 15% from a $133 bill. I never put that much down as a tip, but felt like he really deserved it!Now on to the food!.. Since I was outside and its only TOP 100 dishes, to me they all sound good. Dishes I got to try were:Fried Macaroni & Cheese Balls: (10/10) WOW!!.. ORGASMIC!!.. I shed a couple of tears after trying this. Soooo cheesy and the taste was just incredible. With the first bite I really didn't wanna share the rest, wanted all 4 of them for myself!Chicken Alfredo: (10/10) This is definitely on my TOP 3 Alfredo List!.. One good thing that gave it a plus and out-shined the others was the BIG chunks of chicken that come with this dish!.. enough said.. THIS PLATE IS A MUST! Crispy Chicken Costoletta: (10/10) I'm a picky eater so when I saw asparagus I just glanced over on to the next item.. but here comes IAN to the rescue again and recommended this dish. So took his word and I was really amazed. It was 3 thin sliced breast and lightly breaded which makes it better (too breading makes certain items not worthy) and for the side dish was mashed potatoes!... and what makes these potatoes better than others?.. RED POTATOES & CHUNK BITES!!.. So it's not all that mushy (hope that's a word!)Reese's Peanut Butter Chocolate Cake Cheesecake: (10/10) GRAND FINALE was this... ORGASMIC!!!... TWICE!!.. It was just an amazing day with food and the scenery and to top it of with this dessert!MOST DEFINITELY I WILL BECOME A REGULAR HERE!!  =D
1 I'm a fan for life! I should probably venture out trying new dishes but I was get the Jamaican shrimp dish. It's full of so much flavor and the portion is HUGE! I always have leftovers for several days. I've been to many different locations but the Marina Del Rey location is one of my favorites because it's close to the water. We always sit outside with the view of Mother's beach. I came here yesterday to celebrate my bday and it of course did not disappoint. For my bday desert I had the carrot cake and yum yum yum. No exaggeration, the cake was so fresh and moist. I can't recall ever having a long wait. We seem to always get in really quick, and the wait staff are so friendly and accommodating. Looking forward to coming back and I will venture out to try something new on the menu :)
1 I love the Cheesecake Factory. I've been to tons of them and this is one of the best ones for a view. It looks nothing like a traditional Cheesecake Factory, not even close. The only reason why I dropped a star was because of all my Cheesecake Factory visits, this location was a little off on the food. Don't get me wrong, it was still delicious but being that I'm a connoisseur of the Cheesecake Factory menu, I noticed a difference. The bread was a little hard and my sandwich wasn't exactly right. I got the chicken and avocado club (one of the best sandwiches ever) but the toast on it was a little past the normal golden brown. The chicken was off a bit also. All that being said. I would return to this location because of the view. It's amazing
1 This review is to sing praises for an exceptional sever, Nolan! He made our experience so pleasant. He was kind, attentive and consistent when checking in on us. We came in at around 9:30pm Friday night (party of 5) and all I can say is that service like this is a rare commodity in these times! We appreciate all of Nolan's hard work and hope he is made aware of the phenomenal job he is doing!
1 Stuck between 3 or 4 stars! I came here with a party of 7 recently late afternoon this past Thursday. Even if the service was a bit slow (we waited quite a while for our food) our server was awesome. He was attentive to our needs and had a great attitude. I ordered the Vegan Cobb Salad with a side of sweet potato sides to share, it was filling and delicious! The ingredients tasted very fresh to my surprise and came with hearty vegetables and grains such as beets, asparagus, avocado, quinoa and more. I topped it off with the balsamic dressing but there are plenty more vegan dressings to choose from. Honestly this is something I can easily make at home and not worth $12, but the company was well worth it! One bad thing.. while our server was great, there was a lady server who brought out some of our dishes who was incredibly rude. The order for my friends pasta was incorrect and my friend asked her if she will be charged more. The server wasn't giving her a clear yes or no answer so I stepped in and casually and clearly asked her (because the wrong order included an extra ingredient that she didn't order) and she snapped back at me saying that she's trying to communicate that out with my friend. Our whole table was speechless and later I saw one of the male servers scolding her, he was also at the table serving and his face looked very angry when she snapped back at me. I didn't complain to the servers about her but my friends were very angry, maybe more shocked than angry because my tone and words were not offensive at all. Not a huge deal but.. maybe she was having a bad day! *shrugs
1 Cheesecake factory is my go to spot on my "cheat days". The bread is delicious as many know and their menu has endless options.Plus their skinnylicious menu has great options as well! The desserts are amazing. The servers keep up with checking in our their guest. Hard to be disappointed at cheesecake factory and if you are the servers are always willing to help fix the issue.
1 Amazing view . And great service . I recommend there sandwiches. You can't go wrong with any of there food here!
4 Probably the worst Cheesecake Factory I've been to.  To start, there is a very small parking lot out front and you basically have to valet for $7.  Our waiter took about 15-20 mins to come to our table.  We got the stuffed mushrooms, Nashville hot chicken wings and a strawberry cheesecake.  The stuffed mushrooms left a lot to be desired, but the chicken bites were really good.  The cheesecake was standard.  Overall, it wasn't enough to make me never go to the Cheesecake Factory again since I've overall had good experiences with this chain, but I definitely will not be coming back to this particular one.
3 The review is to reflect my experience at the Beachfront Cafe apart of Cheesecake Factory. I originally planned to give two stars base on several factors. The seating is nice to view mothers beach, the marina and soak up some sun. However, you should know before trying the beachfront is the menu consist of the top 100 i teams from Cheesecake Factory extended menu so there a separate kitchen which prepares meals. My family came on Mother's Day we waited two hours to be seated and decided to just take first option beachfront so we learned about the skinny menu. We all made orders according to the limited options. I understand the special day brought out the crowd but on top of two wait to be seated we also waiting almost additional hour for food to come out needless to say half the family was full off bread and appetizers. Now back to the reason I gave four stars instead of two. The hostess Rachell was very professional, patient and tried her best with the the chaos to lighten the family's frustrations and hunger pains. Also, I have to s/o the manager Miner. He expressed his sincerity and apologize for the food not coming out in a timely manner which my dad was upset and requested his meal be boxed to go. Miner also comp some of the meals and desserts for the two special mothers. I have to say to go the extra mile like that after my family has been going to cheesecake for over twenty years is great customer service. I hope I didn't butcher their names too badly but they were awesome and if I do dine again it will be because of how genuine these two staff were to comfort the family.
1 I ordered salmon and asked if it would not be over cooked. As soon as the meal was brought out the salmon was cooked so hard the ends were crisp. I sent it back and the server added oh you don't want your salmon grilled. I said yes I want it grilled as the menu advertised it not burnt. Then the server was instructed to bring me the plate without the salmon. Well I ordered salmon and shrimp together and I do not want to eat my meal separately. Then to make matters worst I found a mat in the water
5 Let me start by saying this could have been a different review but ONE person changed it. DOMINIC, young African American with dreads did a phenomenal job with us. After being seated and not being waited on for over 30 minutes Dominic came over and asked if anyone had helped us, we told him no. He started asking what we wanted and he would get it started. I told him it was ok and he wouldn't have it. He took our order and got us our drinks very promptly. After we had our drinks our actual waiter came by and asked if we were ready to order, I politely told him not from him especially after 46 minutes at the table. I asked Dominic to continue to take care of us which he did and he did a great job apologizing at every opportunity. I told him the fact he was watching our table and others means he has a eye for customer service! I saw others around us being served and am not sure what happened with our server but it is what it is. But Dominic did the most kind hearted thing and didn't throw his coworker under the bus and showed he would take one for the team by engaging us and helping us through the problem. Not sure if the staff or management actually read this but this gentleman needs to be praised for having the employees, and companies back by working that much harder. Grey job!
2 I had the worse experience ever going to this Cheesecake Factory and I've been going to this place since I was a kid. The order wasn't properly prepared, my wife and I both ate half and sent it back after our stomachs started hurting. The manager came out to speak to me he said his name was Vic and had an attitude which I was confused by because I wasn't upset w him personally, i was upset w the team work which incorrectly prepared my order. I called and asked for the mangers name a woman answers and stated her name was answered and stated her name was Audrey in her greeting, shortly after asking for the managers name she then decided to tell me another name; Kate. It's unfortunate that while the pandemic was strongly in effect we continued to order food from them only to be disrespected and talked down on as a long time paying customer.
3 I like this location, even though it has few disadvantages-The outside area gets super busy during the summer and it's hard to get a spot, during the winter it's too cold to seat there.The parking is super annoying! I don't want to park my car with the valet. Not only that , they also charge you 7$ for that.. so your dinner here already 7$ more expensive than any other location.At the bright side - the view is nice and the staff is very nice, they are doing good job with all the craziness that happens there. And the food , the food at the Cheesecake Factory is always great.Solid 3 stars
4 I have been to this location a couple of times and usually the service is lacking , but this time was different. We came in on Sunday, March 27th for lunch and had the most exceptional service from our amazing waiter Trey, he was attentive, smiled the whole time and made sure we were happy. Will definitely be back and try to get a table with Trey as our waiter. Thank you Trey for making my mom's birthday experience so exceptional!
4 Nice view ! The marina location is a beautiful atmosphere !The Cheesecake Factory is one of the classic restaurant of LA dining.Delicious food, quick service and the wait staff very nice.It's a great place for happy hour with a variety of cocktails.
4 we made reservation for eight. got there on time and table was not ready. they made us wait additional hour and sat us on two different tables apart. half the appetizers were unavailable. for dessert they were out of spoons n coffe was brought in pepsi glass. the place was filthy and lacking talent. food was terrible. never again.
4 I have been coming to this location for over 30 years. The last few times I noticed the quality and service is getting worse. But I tried to stay faithful. Yesterday was the worst and I said nome coming to this joint. I took my family for my anniversary dinner. After waiting hour and half we where finally seated. I wouldn't wait this long but we were told half our in the beginning. I ordered my usual shrimp scampi. It was a ps. Over cooked and terrible. Rest of my family had something to complain also. The woman's bathroom was out of service for one of the stalls. Overall the restaurant and even the beachfront has gone low class. Filthy and nasty all over. Time to find a better location.
4 Tonight was wonderful because of KELLY E.    He made our dinner experience wonderful.  He was very attentive, professional and seeet.   Thank you for a great time!               Another great experience... grabbing some food to go.. thank you John!!    So nice to see you and we had a great dinner!!
2.5 Tonight was wonderful because of KELLY E.    He made our dinner experience wonderful.  He was very attentive, professional and sweet.   Thank you for a great time!!
4 As expected.  Cheesecake Factory has rebounded from its pandemic struggles.  Great food and great service.
3.5 I placed an order via doordash from the Cheesecake Factory for the second time, and both times items were missing. Reported missing items to the Cheesecake Factory and was informed by a manager to report it to Doordash? Doordash texted and stated they would not compensate me due to their policy. The CF sucks and has poor management! I will never order from this location ever again!
3.5 I have grown up going to this particular Cheesecake Factory. Aware of the usual wait times. HOWEVER, this time, made a reservation for 2:30. Called to confirm too!  Got there and wasn't seated til 3:15.  Did not eat til 4pm. When I wanted to complain about it, a very rude, unprofessional, manager wanted to bullishly confront me and questioned my reservation and I had to show her my email and phone call log! Unbelievable! Disclaimer: The staff was very nice and tried to apologetically accommodate us but the manager is unforgettable. Shame on Cheesecake Factory for allowing such people to treat their clientele that way. Super unprofessional. Is she allowed to treat people that way? Love Cheesecake Factory food so will just go to the other locations from now on.
4 So look, me giving cheesecake 3 stars it's not going to stop anything from moving with this company! Cheesecake is literally on the top of the charts and people here in Cali and love Cheesecake Factory! Here are just a couple of things that bother me about the restaurant. 1) why is the menu as think as a damn book? 2) why are the portion sizes so large?3) why is it that every time I come here I spend about 50 to $70 on just myself?Every time I come to Cheesecake these are the questions I ask myself, so of course I have gotten smart. If you come here with a group of people, my suggestion is to find a few entrees that you guys can share. The portion sizes here are huge, everyone is going to leave with it to go box. If that's your plan then great, but if you don't want leftovers just order less and everybody share! Here is one thing I have noticed, anytime I order a alcohol beverage my bill skyrockets. On average the drinks here can range anywhere from 13 to probably $17. You could just wait until you get home and make it nice stiff drink lol! My last tip is to try something different on the menu every time you go, because there are so many options. I typically always get the tide of my shrimp because I love, but this last time my sister told me to try their tamale corn cakes. OMG these gave me life! No need to keep trying the same things over and over, I feel like that's why they made the menu so big is for you to go back and try different things.All in all, the service at cheesecake and definitely be hit-or-miss, but you can't go wrong with coming here to provide variety for a group of people. Also, you can't deny the fact that they feel you up on the wheat and sourdough bread! Yummy! Cheesecake is definitely ol good and faithful!
1 This is one of my favorite places in LA. Such delicious food and the location is incredible. Their food is very consistent. They do a great job with many types of food. Their curbside pickup is also very fast. 5 stars
5 This place is awesome! My wife and I have been coming here for at least 5 years, and I am honestly shocked by all these ridiculous and pretentious reviews. The staff here is incredibly nice, from the greeters to waiters, and they do their best given the incredibly busy environment, and the food is immaculate. I've seen it while dining here as well, a server will be ill prepared when a customer is having a coronary and throwing a tantrum over a subtle and honest mistake. Also I'm astonished how people complain about an hour wait on weekend nights, if you can't wait, then why come (especially with children or elders) and then blame the staff for the large volume of customers? To The Cheesecake Factory and it's staff 5 stars! (: You're great and thank you for years of quality dining.To the ostentatious, ignorant pollyannas posting yelp reviews and harassing the kind staff 0 stars. You're toxic as hell.
1 Update: Sent in email/message via website as instructed. 8 days have passed, no reply.
3 We came here after work at 8pm on Friday nite, and we were ok with the 2 hr wait for a table for 3. Same amount of time we used to wait before COVID. Decompressing by beach while we waited was nice. Valet was super friendly and allowed us to park our own car. Outdoor seating looked very well spaced out. I like the fact they don't use menus anymore, you get to use your own phone(less germs spread-smart!). All the staff were masked except 2 in the back of the bar..they weren't near others but still serving drinks. The staff we interacted with weren't so friendly but I assume, since it was near closing time by the time they sat us down, they were tired. We were super happy when we got our own private table space dividing us from other parties with huge plants and tied curtains. But, literally 10 minutes later, the table next to us, had a gathering of at least 15 people at a 4-person table, celebrating a birthday. No masks, singing out loud, walking thru our space, and cutting corners. One waiter noticed how uncomfortable we were, asked us if were ok, when I responded with "isn't there a limit for people gathered like that without a mask, especially at a restaurant?", he tried to justify it with "well they've been waiting since 5pm and manager is aware". Little do they know, I called this location few Sundays ago, asking how long the wait was for a table of 8 people, and was told they were only allowed to sit 6 people together. So I asked if we could be seated in two tables close to each other, 4 people each, and I was told that there was a good chance that we could NOT be seated close. Guess what I saw tonite, 4 tables, close to each other, filled with one huge party. Walking around other parties without a mask. Manager came to talk to us and kindly explained what was going on and they were just trying their best to be good host to everyone. He did end up telling them to mask up if they were going to be gathered around, but they didn't listen. "Trying our best to be a good host", means you should stick to your company's policy that was placed for a reason, that was explained to me over the phone when I tried to eat here with 7 of my family members. What I saw tonight was so risky. Bending the rules to satisfy few is not great for the rest.
5 Came in with a party of 10 for graduation this afternoon. Ordered the hot wings which were good, but the celery had dirt on it. (The photo is posted on this page.) Actual dirt I wiped off with the napkin . My server Mario was awesome. When I told him the deal, he sent the expo/manager over, who is named Mark or Matt, not sure. He told me that the celery and limes they have been getting from their supplier are "bruised" and it's only cosmetic. Bruises don't feel gritty and can't be wiped off with a napkin. Don't insult my intelligence with your BS Mark/Matt. It was super busy, full of large parties for graduation, but Mario kept things moving smoothly. Very polite and attentive service. Mark/Matt and his LIES about that unsanitary food ruined it for me.
5 My girlfriend and I visited, both super excited and upon arriving the entire experience was awful. The confused training employees at the front host desk couldn't sit us until nearly an hour after our reservation for 7pm. The service was slow. Appetizers and mains all came at once. Food quality was lacking. Yikes. Very disappointing.
2 Went to The Cheesecake Factory last night with my daughter. Had a 7:00 reservation. Asked for a seat with a view. They walked us through the crowded kitchen filled with working staff. We were inches away when we passed them. We passed many seats with views. We were sat at a table blocking an emergency exit. No overhead light to see and our view was a stack of umbrellas. Service was extremely slow. Only checked on twice. Had a hard time George servers attention. The food was very good. This location is not representative of the standards of all the other Cheesecake Factories I have been to. I'll never go to this one again. We left and went to Jamaica Bay. Excellent service, great clientele, and food.
5 Fun and yummy. Not gourmet - but lots of food and always satisfies. Also AHHMAZING VIEW!!!!
1 5 stars just for our incredible host Daniel. He has been so amazing, and so helpful. I saw him help every single staff member he could while he was helping us get seated. I wish there were more workers like him. Thank you Daniel.
2 I don't like giving bad reviews, but I'm such a Cheesecake Factory veteran that I've had people ask me whether or not I hold stock in the company because I'm always raving about how consistent the stores are, and how the menu has something for everyone.This location has not been good the one time we dined in and the two other times we did takeout. There is mandatory valet parking. The service was really atrocious (had to keep flagging down people for refills and when we got a batch of stale fries), and the floor and seats were filthy.It's too bad since this location is convenient to home, but we will be avoiding this location for our regular Factory runs.
4 Our family loves Cheesecake Factory but this location is a disaster.  Women's bathroom was beyond filthy.  After a hour of waiting to be seated, when I opened my menu it was covered in what looked like wet mashed potato.  Restaraunt seemed under staffed and overwhelmed by amount of people.  Front desk hostess was in the weeds the entire time , and tried to keep control best as he could.  Never coming back to this location.
4 This is the worst Cheesecake Factory ever. Customer service lacks sorely! The first incident I had here, I requested to speak with a manager and the manager was worse than the server. More recently, I purchased 2 bowls of soup to go. I am a regular of soup to go so I know the portion sizes. They gave me 2 small containers. When I asked where the other order was, they said that a bowl was only 1 container now. When I asked to see the size of a cup, they said it was half the container. The container is so small. I left with 2 of these half full "bowls" (cups really) for $20. Shameful.
4 We ordered for pickup. Food was ready at the very beginning of the ready window. I had the Santa Fe  chicken salad, it was delicious, and a LOT of food.  Hubby had chicken and biscuits, which he said was good.
4 I made reservations for Sunday at 6pmFor six people because an employee at the restaurant said I would have to make reservations on yelp for 5 or more.I did this upon arrival I had an in-law come to LA to celebrate with me it was a birthday/ Mother's Day dinner.When we arrived I let the gentleman know that I had one extra person. He immediately begins to tell me that the reservations will be canceled because of the one extra person. I replied I have a small child will that make a difference. He tells me no that it doesn't matter it's still 7 people which means 7 chairs. So basically I would have to wait. I asked how long will the wait be he says 2 hours.He didn't try to see if there was something he could do ,it was just an automatic NO.  I asked why didn't I get that information when I first called to make reservations I was told a party of 5 or more need to do it on yelp.The gentleman told me the yelp reservations were only for parties of  5-6 only. That made no since. I had my whole family and it was just a horrible experience. A little more detailed information would have been helpful so my night would've went differently. It did work out in the end we ended up going to TGI Fridays. No issues sat us at a both big enough for nine. Thank you Trisha at Fridays you made my night awesome
4 Worst Cheesecake Factory ever. In addition to technical incompetency ("we don't have a record of your order" 20 min later after showing the DoorDash app which is their partner, suddenly they've found it), the food was garbage, and multiple items were missing. The ranch was rotten (this has been a consistent problem with only this location). The other dishes were soggy. I just wish we had done McDonald's. I'm embarrassed to even write this review bc who wants a chain on their Yelp, but I hope their company sees it - the entire experience tells me the management and staff here are extremely careless (which is consistent with my experience at this location when I lived by it 2019-2020).
2.5 I love coming to this location. I remember it was always so crowded for dinner, so after a while I would just get takeout. It has a great view of the Marina so if you go on a weekday you can sit and enjoy the view. My favorite dishes are the crab cakes and the shrimp pasta. The food here is always flavorful and rich. I really try to come here only every other week but sometimes my cravings take over.
4 On, Saturday, April 23, 2022, my family and I celebrated my daughter's 16th birthday at The Cheesecake Factory, Marina Del Rey. A week prior to the event,  my mother and I called several restaurants to get a reservation for 30 people. Unfortunately,  due to COVID protocols,  this became a challenge to the point that I was simply going to call of the surprise dinner. However,  my mother was destined to secure a restaurant for my daughter's special day. When she called this establishment,  she was told that a reservation could not be secured; however the employee recommended our party arrive an hour prior to our requested time and an area would be secured for us, and to ask for this particular employee. Luckily,  my mother arrived 2 hrs prior to the scheduled time and ask for the employee,  only to be told they had separated from the company.  My mother explained to the manager Jesse all that we were told and he said he would do his best to accommodate our party on such a busy day. Well, Jesse stuck to his word and delivered the best for us. He secured an area to comfortably accommodate our party and he chose THE BEST SERVER I HAVE EVER HAD!! Our server,  Jason was efficient,  attentive,  professional,  friendly, and took pride in his job! Most times large parties are served by several servers....well Jason was our ONLY server and he completed a FANTASTIC TASK EFFORTLESSLY!! I really appreciate the service our family received on that day. The food was delicious and service was impeccable.  From the valet to the food service, all was wonderful.  I commend Jason & Jesse for a job well done! Because of their Awesome service,  The Cheesecake Factory,  at Marina Del Rey will be my family's choice Cheesecake Factory. Job well done to everyone involved in making my daughter's Sweet 16 a Sweet Memory!!
3.5 I have to update my opinion here. While I still think they have great service there are some flaws in the kitchen. The green pork chilaquiles were inedible. The pork tasted old and rubbery. Not sure what went wrong. My friend who ordered them was too polite to complain. Service still great and the chicken and waffles is excellent. I enjoyed the huevos rancheros.
3.5 Craving a festive brunch my kid and I came for brunch. We ordered breakfast tacos and chicken with waffles. The service was top notch. The waffles were perfect, crunch on outside and soft inside. The chicken was tender and delicious. The tacos were a little bit spicy but I love spice. I love the brunch and the view is one of a kind.
4 Cheesecake Factory is one of my favorite restaurant in L.A. STAFF are amazing there. James the other day went above and beyond his job. He was so professional. Everyone was friendly. Food was delicious.
1 Mother's Day SCAM from Cheesecake Factory in Marina del Rey.  Be aware for your future events! I used to love this location but after being treated so poorly, sadly, I may not ever step foot in this restaurant again.  Mother's Day was a customer service debacle!  I was out of town and wanted to send my 81-year-old mother a treat for Mother's Day (she LOVES Cheesecake Factory).  I ordered on Door Dash before 4p and it said it would be delivered at 5:33p.  I thought that was quick for Mother's Day but figured even if it was an hour late, that would be ok.  It was a simple meal of shrimp scampi and her favorite cheesecake.  At 6p and no delivery, no update on Door Dash.  I placed numerous calls to the delivery guy and to the restaurant.  BTW, the delivery guy was there at 5p.  Calls to the restaurant were either busy, picked up and hung up or no help whatsoever. Anthony (he answered the phone every time) wouldn't even check to see if the order was received.  I asked for a manager and was put on hold for over an hour.  No one ever picked up.  At 7p, I finally told my Mom to just eat something she had in her fridge and apologized profusely.  It was finally delivered after 8p....over 4 hours after ordering.  VERY DISAPPOINTING customer service!   The bright spot was it was delivered ordered and she ate it for dinner on Monday.
1 I've only been there from 4-6 but those two hours make me ecstatically happy. Hence the name Happy Hour. Cheap prices on good food with fast service. Bartenders are attentive and make you feel welcome. I go there probably too often.
2 The only reason I'm giving it 4/5 stars is because of the wait time I had reservations at 8:00 didn't get seated till 9:00 which is fine but also they should send a text to their guest letting them know their wait time or reservation time has changed. But other than that the food is always great fresh and hot I love coming here I literally drive 45 minutes from home to come to this exact location the waiters are always nice and it's always clean the patio is the best place to sit the breeze and the view is amazing.
1 I don't understand the concept of reserving a table at Cheesecake Factory and not be honored.  I made an online reservation for 6 people and when we showed up the manager/host said 20 min. After 30 min he said 45 min.  I asked what happened with my reservation and he said it does not mean it reserves a table.  Just puts your name on the list. Such a waste of my time.
5 They wanted to charge me $7.00 to park in handicapped parking!!!!  That's just WRONG!!!!!.   Then I was told 20 minutes for a to go order.  It's now been 1/2 hour.  NOT HAPPY!!!  The girl seating people was stupid and rude.    Why can't people just smile and do their jobs correctly?????    Hire GOOD PEOPLE.    Lots of people NEED a job, fire the useless idiots!!!
4 50 min waiting time + cold food + $50.00 bill Well wasted Saturday evening.If your time and money is precious don't go on a weekend.
5 Don't let me in on time and also didn't let me know when I will be able to sit. This is so annoying since I made a reservation
1 Wonderful lunch on a Friday the cuisine was excellent the Tex-Mex egg rolls were great the meatloaf was great the desert was great in the drinks was marvelous
5 My first time at this Cheesecake Factory, I waited for almost 3 hours for a table for my family & I . We ended up getting split and when we tried getting seated together the manager came and was very rude , he was so disrespectful and not polite . One of the employees did apologize and got us all seated together, not even the manager could do his job right .
5 Cheesecake Factory never disappoints. I have been coming here for years and amAlways satisfied with the food and service.
4 Bummer.  They were not willing to work with our group of 5th grade families for an after-culmination lunch.  They ONLY accept reservations between 11:30 am and noon.  We needed a 12:30 arrival time, which they said would be on a first-come basis.  Plenty of other helpful restaurants in the area.  Skip this one for groups.
4 When we went to the cheesecake factory in Marina del Rey we ordered a velvet cheesecake. That cheesecake was freezer burned. They took the cheesecake back and served us our appetizer which was cheeseburger spring rolls. Me and my husband found a hair in the food. The manager Jesse Lanes was totally unprofessional and disrespectful about that. After he admitted that the hair was in the food he tried to charge us for a drink that we didn't have. That was the most humiliating thing I ever had in my life. I felt like he was discriminating against us because of the color of our skin. Then another supervisor came in between our conversation and told me not to talk to the manager and not to get in his face. Very unpleasant, unprofessional and honestly low class.
4 Damn... Never had a bad experience at Cheesecake Factory but we will never be going back. Went in with my PREGNANT girlfriend with friends to celebrate. I ordered fish and chips for my girlfriend per her request. the server asked grilled or tempura? Which I thought odd because fish and chips is supposed to be hand battered. She confirmed that the "fish and chips" was deep fried... mystery solved when they came to drop off the food and we realized she put in the order for Fish Tacos instead of Fish and Chips... we corrected and sent back with the runner... the server came back and tried to force it in front of my girlfriend, we corrected her again to which she said "you ordered fish tacos..." everyone at the table interjected "no we all heard him say fish and chips" - the server responds..."whatever..." which made everyone at the table very uncomfortable from that point on...Now I normally give servers benefit of the doubt and am typically a very good tipper... our friends at dinner with us are both servers and said that was inappropriate behavior and demanded to talk to the manager. When the manager came over she tried to blame the servers mistake on us again "I heard there was an issue with the fish tacos you ordered?" I let my server friends take it from there. The manager made no real apology.  No food was comped. And we walked out without tipping because the rest of the meal was miserable after that experience. Corporate will be called. Hopefully they can get better management and wait staff in such a prime location. Unfortunately I won't be back to see it. Servers name: KellieManager: Amanda
4 This review is based of the immediate arrival to the restaurant, and no chance was given to the inside restaurant its self. Valet is mandatory here and the parking staff are very aggressive for cash, and demand of your car keys. Attempted to call the restaurant to confirm or address the issue and no answer during regular business hours.
4 I absolutely love Cheesecake Factory. Large selection, great service, overall great flavor. This Cheesecake Factory should not bear the Factory name. First this CF has a valet parking lot that charges 7 dollars. CF should have absorbed this cost given that we're purchasing food. Then you get inside, typical CF interior. Nice ambiance. We went today at 8pm. Surprisingly long wait given a late Monday night but whatever. We sat down and ordered the appetizer and entrees at the same time. The food took way to long (granted it was a very busy time so I give them credit) but where I have to take off 3 stars is the quality of food. It was absolutely horrible. I ordered the NY steak (ordered medium grilled) , fries, and broccoli. When I got my plate, the steak was well done. Well done! How hard is it to cook a medium steak. The fries were cold, and the broccoli had no flavor and was probably taken from the bag and put on my plate. This is supposed to be a upscale location. I rather just go to "the hood" CF and get an upscale meal. Never again will I come here. It was absolutely trash.
2.5 This location is annoying because you either have to pay for parking on one side or get valet in front of the restaurant. Other then the annoying parking, The Cheesecake Factory will always be the same everywhere you go. The outdoor seating gives it that extra star making this location a solid 4 star. The outdoor seating is great and gives a good view of the beach.
4 I have this thing for this particular Cheese Cake Factory. The location location location is absolutely fantastic. I always sit outside where you get a fantastic view of the marina. The cool breeze and the lights of the buildings in the distance make for a beautiful sight.I've been coming here once a week for the past two months after a long hiatus. I've never had bad service and the food has always been extremely consistent. I'll usually order one of two chicken dishes, the chicken costoletta or the parmesan herb crusted chicken. Both dishes are served with mash potatoes and asparagus. Portions are pretty big so I'll usually eat two thirds of it.
3.5 Utterly horrible and ruined Mother's Day. Apparently many at home families all had the exact same idea. "I'm sure some CCF would be great for mom to enjoy on her special day". I personally did an online order and albeit arrive late but the organization was completely not at all acceptable. I understand the COVID situation but having about 60 people waiting outside obviously not maintaining a safe 6 feet distance for their order name to be called randomly and having the cooks run 2 1/2 hours behind on orders is utterly ridiculous. Maybe by the nature of the occasion and the circumstances we're under a little bit of overload is understandable but the organization is one of the unsafest I've seen for just some   Food is unreasonable
3.5 Even with COVID as a consideration I would say avoid this place at all cost. We got there at 7pm we were seated at 9pm (they actually close at 9 but still sat us)  we didn't get our food until 10:15. The appetizer came with the Entrees, my son ordered fries and they sent out sweet potato fries and tried not to even mention it until we asked twice for regular fries. Who does that to a six year old? If you've run out of fries say something before it even hits the table, and you had and hour to say it. The Entree chicken was rubbery and bland. I will under no circumstances be eating here ever again.
4 This Cheesecake Factory has the worst front desk service, with young adults who can not help you until you ask for management. Twice have I visited and had to wait +2 Plus hours to be seated, imagine waiting +2 hours outside cold weather with a 2 Year Old. You might have to be from a certain background to receive good service here. Never coming back.
5 The worse cheesecake ever! I've been to plenty of cheesecakes but this ones HORRIBLE! They are so unorganized & unprofessional, recess monkeys describes them best. No concept of time, I came in with a party of 9, which they don't take reservations for like wtf? NO RESERVATIONS?!? So we arrived and were told wait time 45-1hr so we waited, and waited till 2 and a half hours and still weren't seating, manger is an IDOIOT beyond comprehension, literally just woke up and found out about the situation when It was 2 and a half hour wait, RIDICULOUS! I would definitely not recommend this to anyone unless you are the type who likes to waste your Sunday's waiting for a table & after that long of a wait we left because they were still making us waIt, just plain out IDIOTS!
2 First and last time I think I will ever eat here. Just ordered two cheesecakes. First time I called it rang so many times then hung up. Called again and someone picked up and took my order. One cheesecake was sliced much larger and heavier than the other. The other one was a tiny slice. Both were so rich and bad. Felt like I am going to have a heart attack after one bite. No thanks especially for $19. Lady in front seemed overwhelmed and soooo many people were waiting so long for their orders. Yikes. At least the location and view nearby is nice.
1 If I could give this location zero stars I would ! I didn't enjoy my dinning experience at all ! First off we were sitting at the table over 30 minutes with no drinks or bread , we ordered our drinks and the waiter Chris kept mentioning the price of the drink we were ordering implying they were expensive, when the drinks came my 1 yr old daughter got her drink 10 mins after ours , I opened my utensils there was dried food on my fork and knife , I then asked for a manager .. the "manager" (Adriana) I think her name was came and she was very rude and needs to be fired ! after I explained to her what had happened thus far all she could say to me was sorry and tried to bring me another set of utensils. After that our appetizer came , we finished the appetizer , then the waiter came back and asked if we would like the table cleaned off because what we ordered was expensive and I looked at him after he said that and he cleaned it up after saying I mean it's a big portion of food, I then asked why do you keep mentioning the price of things as if I can't pay for what I ordered , that's very rude I know what I ordered and wouldn't of ordered anything I couldn't pay for .. we then we're still waiting over an hour for our food I lost my appetite as the time went on be cause of all the rude behaviors we had encountered already, when the waiter came back I let him know I didn't want my food that had not came to the table anymore because it was taking so long and I was discussed, my friends food still came he ordered a steak and they gave him 5 pieces of steak not a full steak because once again the full steak was "expensive " but he ordered a full steak , we then asked for the manager again , she still was standing at our table like it was nothing she could do about our poor service we had , my friend didn't get what he ordered because it was "expensive " my utensils were dirty , my daughter drink came last and she's a baby , we we're waiting a hour to even sit down then it takes a hour for our food we are being disrespected and there's nothing you can say or do about this poor service. She stood there and just looked at us asking what did we want her to do ! I asked for cooperates number since she could figure out what to do about poor customer service..I was so frustrated at this point I was ready to go ! She then went and talked to another gentleman I'm guessing he was the real manager I explained to him what happened he got into it with my friend and implied that he wasn't calling my friend a broke a** n****, which is very unprofessional! ToEven say to anyone at your place of work I will never come back to the Cheesecake Factory again ! And am a frequent customer at the Cheesecake Factory but after this experience I'm am very much so turned off and disgusted! I will tell everyone don't ever go to this location it's terrible! And to put the icing on the cake there were atleast 5 people in line waiting to speak with a manager because or of poor customer service ! The staff were standing at the counter were you get the food from laughing and talking over peoples food then serving it to them very very unsanitary!
2 Great place for the family! Food and service is good. You might want to make reservations for large parties
4 My rating has changed from five to one. I order the Chicken Madeira with easy cheese. My allergies were noted to the cashier as well. I even tip five dollars because that's just me very kind. I wasn't going far, and my food was still hot, but that's when everything failed. As I opened the bag, I realized no napkins or utensils were inside, and my chicken had no cheese. The cheese is what makes the dish along with the sauce. Just a note you never know who you're serving a healthcare professional or an employee from Los Angeles County and sad to say, but I'm one of those people. I know you guys were busy, but please pay more attention to detail with every customer.
1 This location is by far the best one I've been to ever. That says a lot from a person who loves trying new restaurants and works for the County. Most of the time I come in and order to go and my food is pretty good each time. The customer service is amazing and management seems to be on top of everything from what I've seen. When ordering to go most of the cashier's know my order and allergies which is superb. I couldn't be happier thanks to everyone here.
5 Website doesn't mention valet parking only and you only see the $7 charge at the end. Also, brought banana cheesecake home and there were no sliced bananas as it always comes, so we had to go out and get bananas to cut in ourselves. We also had a $15 bonus gift card that wasn't honored.
5 Great view of mother's beach and great service . The manager tonight , John , was very accommodating for our large party.Myself , my wife and my in laws all recently evacuated from the Woolsey fire and tried to foolishly find a table here under a time crunch during the crowded dinner service time. However we were able to make a to-go order and quickly eat at the outdoor patio. John personally came and checked on us and helped us out even though we didn't have a sit down table with wait service. He even came down to help bus the table when we were ready to take the trash out ourselves. Food came out quick and perfect. Thanks again for giving us a peaceful meal.
4 Worst Cheesecake Factory I've been too. The place seems very chaotic and unorganized. I ordered a well mannered martini, as I always do. It's a Kettle One vodka dirty martini with blue cheese olives. Usually delicious and usually I order 3. It was terrible I could barely get the one down. I knew it was going to be bad when the server came back to ask if I wanted gin or vodka... I said vodka and mentioned it's a drink on the menu. I suspect it was made with the house/well vodka. The food was terrible too. Egg roll sampler tasted like it was sitting out for awhile, and probably was because it took forever. Fettuccine Alfredo was also bad seemed like it was also sitting under a heat lamp for awhile and my friend got the cashew chicken and said it was very bland. Everything was very slow. The bathrooms were disgusting, no paper towels and the worker that came out of the stall was very nice to hold the door for me instead of washing their hands... I am very disappointed and surprised because this is a very classy location and only had mandatory valet.. I expected more. The one star can be for bread, I guess that was good.
1 All i can say is, please do not spend your hard earned money here. I had my doubts at first about going to a cheesecake factory when there are so many other options. But i received a gift card for my birthday so why not...well...I have not written a review for a long time but i was extremely dissatisfied with the service last night that i needed to. First, they ran out of bread. I know its a night before valentines so okay i give em a break. Waitress said they are making some more and will bring some out.Second my sister placed an order for enchiladas. The waitress comes back and says the kitchen ran out of enchiladas. So she has to place another order. Okay i give em another break its a busy night, it is after all the night before valentines day. Whatever we move on.Third, our order arrives by the manager (or the maroon shirt of the staff) last night. He knows my order is coming as he says the hibachi steak is on its way. When my order does finally come out not all of it shows up. The asparagas is still chillen in the kitchen. The waitress says it will be out soon.So great! I just have to keep my frustration in check and pace my meal in hopes that the asparagas will arrive in a timely manner. It doesnt show after 5 minutes. So i asked the waitress again about the asparagas...she says they ran out of the  batter and have to make some. Okay okay ill wait some more...So another 10 minutes later still no asparagas and the rest of my food is getting cold. Tick tock tick tock...So i proceed to eat my now cold food on my birthday at a cheesecake factory. ( oh boo hoo, boo hoo you didnt get your asparagas boo hoo yeah boo hoo to me ) Frustration in check again...So the waitress doesnt return, we have to call her attention and for some reason she is oblivious to the fact we dont have my asparagas yet. I ask if she can help us out here with the situation so she brings the manager/maroon shirt over.The maroon shirt acknowledges we didnt receive the asparagas and can only comp the value of what they call the garnishment of the plate or simply a slice of cheesecake. Im lactose intolerant. ( i know, what the hell am i doin here in he first place lol...well my gf and sis arent and there are other options)Up to this point my frustration has peaked and i could not enjoy the rest of the night. I asked the meal to be comped several times because the meal as it was described, did not show up in its entirety, and my sister complained about her first order not going through as well as about the bread. Its funny he said, "oh you should have told me about this"...really? Well were here telling you now! But the maroon shirt held to us to his options and could not comp any further than the asparagas. I was not happy at all. It must be corporate policy or whatever to not compensate for bad experience and incomplete meals.Meanwhile the asparagas is laughing in the kitchen giving high fives to the enchiladas who was probably kneading the dough for the bread ::sigh::My sis is a nice person she left a 2 dollar tip.And to just make it worse, we had to pay 6.50 for the valet service on the way out. Which i guess is the comp for the aparagas. Whatevs.I hope this single star convinces you to not spend your time and money here, unless you like water. Those were pretty reliable they showed up.
1 Jessica Paredes was extremely polite & kind so happy with her she needs a Raise.Hire more employees like here
4 No disappointments in this one... service great food great atmosphere great. We had a little problem getting our checks but with 7 of us requesting separate checks that's more on us than them.We all ordered completely different dishes that I know had each having to be prepared at different temperatures and times... all came out hot and fresh. That takes pros and attention to detail .Thumbs up from me and my group
4 The club sandwich was absolutely amazing and the Caesar salad was so tastyRon was our server in the bar he was great I wish I could have his service every time at every restaurant good job buddy
4 My boyfriend and I came here on MLK day. He had the grilled Salmon and I had the crusted salmon and steak Diane. We also had avocado egg rolls and Cran and artichoke dip. We also had cocktails as well. The bread was soft and fresh. Service was excellent!!!
4 Great food and amazing view of the marina. Our server Brian was super nice and helpful with recommendations. Wait times can be crazy long on weekends. We had a little inconvenient but the manager did everything he could to make things right.
4 We went there tonight to celebrate my Birthday , my husband mentioned this to our waiter.  He was only covering for the regular waiter but said he would tell them. When the original waiter came back from her break my husband mentioned it again and she just looked at me and wished me a Happy Birthday,  the service was very slow and they were not busy. My husband was hoping they would at least bring me something with a candle to help celebrate. He was apologizing to me for the lack of the restaurant not even acknowledging my Birthday. This the reason we went out to this restaurant in the first place. No going back for any celebration or anything else.
2.5 Parking is valet only anytime of day. Plan on spending the extra $ on that, even if they park your car 10 feet away. The recommended tip on the receipt is calculated based on the GRAND TOTAL, which means you're tipping on the tax as well. It's a crooked practice as the standard is to tip on the subtotal.
4 Pretty diappointing. Drove over 70 miles for a girls night out for my birthdat...Very crowded, very loud. Kitchen noise is ridiculous. Jesse was our server... made me feel rushed and uncomfortable. I felt like a nuisance. Ordered a veggie burger, no cheese, and side salad. My friend ordered meatloaf and ceasar salad. No bread was ever served. Jesse brought out her meal. I waited. He came to the table and asked if I had an allergy. He said they put cheese on the last veggie burger. He called a manager. After a ridiculously long wait she appears with a veggie burger and fries. No salad? Why not bring the salad while I'm waiting and where did the burger come from?  Amanda, the manager, said they just made another one. Had to ask for my salad.Comped a slice of cheesecake. Did I mention I'm lactose intolerant? Hubby will enjoy the treat. Not coming back here.
3.5 I've always come to this place and never ever had a bad experience until today. First I came at 9:28 pm after a long day at work try to enjoy dinner with my husband since we have been through so many things we wanted to let go for a moment . The host lady "Rachel" along with the other person cleaning the menus "Jamie " said to me when I ask to be seated for 2 she said there were at max occupancy which I look around and there wasn't too many people and she even said the bar is the only thing since it's first come first served I said alright she then did not ask for my number to put it on waiting list until I said ok she said the wait time is 45 min I said it's fine and then she said it's not guaranteed and I said again ok! And then she put my number down with this attitude like she expected me to leave. First I understand they are closing until 10 pm but we got there before they closed . We waited with my husband until 9:55 and ask the girl if I could be seated since A LOT of people left while I was waiting... she looked the other girl as if it was her decision, if she could go check it we can be accommodated the girl started saying a lot of words all I could catch was "need to clean the tables " and the other girl gave her the look of "you want to try and check if we can seat them"? I said so she will check and let us know Rachel said yeah and I said should I wait for her , she said no I will let you know. After 5 min this girl Jamie or Janie comes back with a "Manager" letting us know oh sorry we can accommodate you We are closing and stop seating people at 9:15 (which wtf where does it say that because Google and their website doesn't!)I said well we have been here for 30 min almost and I understand you were at "max capacity" but a lot of people left and it was only 2 she said well I'm sorry we can't blabla that is really bullshit I have work on a restaurant before and I know the "looks" people give to each other acting like they want to help when in reality they don't . Anyways we ended up having something else but I awesome service I had....
3.5 Just now left. Came here for my wife's birthday, as this is what she requested. Not only did we wait an hour for our food and drink, but the meat was so raw we couldn't eat it. Every time our "waiter" came by - he walked right by, so even though we kept trying to get his attention, it went unnoticed. I have never had such a backwards experience at a restaurant. I asked for a manager and no one ever came. By the way - serving a pregnant woman raw meat is so not okay - AND you knew it was her birthday because I specifically spoke with the host who ensured she would receive a dessert. I am so pissed - we just had to leave. You have my receipt, my contact information, and my review. If you have a conscience, you will make this right.
4 I want to give a big shoutout to our amazing host Daniel for assisting us as best he could when no one else would. I dine in there regularly and and every time I come in he tries his best to help every customer, it angered us when we witnessed twice now that managers have taken their anger out this nice gentleman. We hope to see more mature management one day. The 5 stars I am giving is solely for Daniel's customer service. Also corporate needs to update the reservation system it sucks!!
2 My favorite place for pasta and cheesecake . I love their pasta souse. it seems like it could go well with every dish. I ordered spaghetti and meatballs; Louisiana chicken pasta. They never let me down.
5 Do you know my mama never got the food she ordered here Friday night?!?! She was with a party of 25. If you can't get things right or can't accommodate a party of 25 don't seat them. They didn't even offer her a gift card for the next time around. I am beyond upset because I frequent Cheescake Factory in Cerritos and it's amazing every time. Shame on this Cheesecake Factory. My mom is a Senior Citizen. She just wanted to enjoy a great meal and her friends.August 20, 2018 I wrote you all within that same week and no one ever vet got back to me or my mother. What happened?
1 Do you know my mama never got the food she ordered here Friday night?!?! She was with a party of 25. If you can't get things right or can't accommodate a party of 25 don't seat them. They didn't even offer her a gift card for the next time around. I am beyond upset because I frequent Cheescake Factory in Cerritos and it's amazing every time. Shame on this Cheesecake Factory. My mom is a Senior Citizen. She just wanted to enjoy a great meal and her friends.
1 If I can give a negative star I would worst service I've ever had in my entire life. The wait  was extremely long there was plenty of empty tables. They do not provide umbrellas for waiting a 45 minute wait to be seated As soon as I sat down I was given a dirty water cup no one ever asked if I needed anything else service was horrible took them 15 minutes just to charge my card they need to get their act together and hire more waiters.
5 Love coming to this Cheesecake Factory .   the bar area . We get fast service and the waiters and waitresses are always so pleasant . My twins love trying new things from their menu since there's  soooo much to choose from. We especially love their pasta selection. And we finish it off with coffee and cheesecake  we come here at least 2-3 times a week . #DefinitelyOneOfOurFavoriteSpots
1 This review is strictly about GOOD CUSTOMER SERVICE.  On Sunday, December 11, 2022, my husband and I decided to go to breakfast at Cheesecake factory in the Marina. The restaurant had just opened,  so there was literally NO ONE in the reception area. We approached the hostess desk where a young lady named Natalia was on the phone.  She never looked up. We waited and...nothing. This girl refused to acknowledge us. At first, I thought I was just overreacting.  She literally stayed on the phone without looking at us.  I placed my purse on the reception counter, thinking that she would finally look up and say something.  She did not! I'm not sure who thought it was a good idea to put her as the first face of the restaurant,  but she either needs to not deal with the public or maybe she can work another area of the restaurant which does not require her to interact with the public. As we continued to wait, another employee named Brittany noticed us standing there. She came and greeted us like a true professional. She made sure we were seated and comfortable.  Natalia is a sad excuse for a hostess and either needs to be retrained or reassigned.  Outside of her horrible customer service, our waiter Eric was INCREDIBLE! ALL customers of this restaurant should be treated with respect.  I believe in praise as well as telling of horrible experiences all the same. Thanks to Brittany and Eric for your professionalism and hospitality.  Natalia,  please consider a job that relieves the public from your ignorance.
1 I must say considering how busy this location is, it's definitely well managed. This review is for Eric the waiter and Holly the manager. Eric was seriously one of the best servers I've had. He was nice, attentive and patient. I was there with my family for a Sunday lunch. My dad was not happy with his dish. Eric was quick to place a new order for us and called the manager even though I didn't complain. We just asked to replace the dish. He wanted to make sure we left the place happy. Holly the manger came by and apologized. She quickly tried to put in a new order even though the replacement was already on the way. She personally delivered the dish herself and was super nice. Very pleased with the customer service we received.
1 I love the Cheesecake Factory. When I was a teenager I use to go all the time. I still go but not as often as I like. I love that there are different flavored cheesecake to choose from. My review would have been 5 star but the biggest downfall is the wait time to pick up food and to be seated. It doesn't matter the day it takes 30 mins or more. On more than one occasion to pick up already paid for food, it's never ready. I have to wait at least 20 mins to get it although tin my email it will tell me what time it will be ready. The one thing I do like about this place is the customer service. I am always greeted and treated nice. The servers and people at the front desk are ver curteous. Although the wait time I would definitely return. The food is always amazing and the service is great.
5 Service was under par , wait time was ok, food was definitely not worth the wait.  Server seemed to be on something. Had it not been for the gift cards I would not have gone here food is definitely not worth the price. As we were leaving walking down the stairs it was crowded cause servers carrying out food and one server standing behind my daughter said. " can you move over or hurry up " to which I replied it's crowded and there's no where for us to move. Definitely no courtesy or respect!!! Reading Cheese Cake Factories replies on here it's  always " were sorry for your experience" DONT BE SORRY DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT. As a DM for retail I would not keep an associate who treats my guest as such.
3 There are gazillion food options at the Cheesecake Factory as the menu is like a novel, and the long cheese cake list never disappoints.  It's no hipster place, and it's not somewhere I go to anymore, but there is some nostalgia, and could be one of the only places you can satisfy a big group of hungry people.Parking was only valet, and the price was $6.50zI enjoyed my shrimp and beef combo. The mashed potatoes is always too much so I opted for French fries.  The portion was not too massive so I was able to finish it!As for the Cheese cake, definitely recommend the Red Velvet.
4 I've been to various locations if there's in Nevada & Arizona and was never all that impressed, until I visited them here. We ordered drinks, 3-4 appetizers and a few entree dishes at the late afternoon hour. Pretty much almost everything was a winner. The calamari tasted good but it was way too much like a frozen heat up item. We still ate it though. The view at this location added to the experience, and the server we had was over the top out of this world. He was friendly, cordial, funny, great personality and our whole table commented on him and his excellent demeanor. I wish I could remember his name because I would like to give him the true props he deserves. He is definitely a real asset to your organization!Thanks guys, we're not from the area but truly hope we're able to get back there soon!
4 Worst experience ever! We were quoted 30-40 mins, waited an hour and half. The manager was no help when I asked her why the wait was so much longer. Apologies mean nothing when there is no compensation for us waiting outside for over an hour and half! I'm pregnant being under quoted on wait time was definitely upsetting. We were waiting outside the entire time, since we walked from our air BnB. After being freezing, we are finally sat and no one greets us for over 15 mins. I have always had such great experiences at The Cheesecake Factory, but after tonight I am highly disappointed with the service and the hospitality!!
4 Horrible Service !!!Waiter never checked on table. Will not return to this location. Food was cold and I did not feel like my business was appreciated.
4 Good food great customer service chicken Alfredo pasta is delicious highly recommend and the environment it's perfect
4 The marina location is a beautiful atmosphere it was a long day of rehab therapy for me and the view brightened my afternoon.   Valet parking is available and outside seating while you wait for your table if you desire to enjoy the sunshine.  There is also ocean view eating area that was excellent.  The service was good. My waitress was attentive and made every effort to accommodate my request.   My food was  delicious. It's a nice place for happy hour the bar staff is great with a variety of affordable cocktails.
4 Came here for my mom's birthday. We were a big party and they seated us promptly.The managers, front desk staff and waiters were more than friendly and attentive and made the whole process so much more enjoyable. They sang happy birthday joyfully which was a surprise and the food was MUCH better than the last time we visited the place which was years ago. Overall a very positive experience for us.
2.5 Just MEH...Cons:- No free parking: When I asked if there was any free parking nearby, the valet told me no. Turns out THERE IS PUBLIC PARKING IN THE ADJACENT LOT! You have to miss the CF turn and turn left at the upcoming streetlight. Then you'll see a parking lot that says "PUBLIC PARKING". You'll have to pay during the day, but it's free at night. You literally step right over into the CF parking lot.-Entrèe was bland: They need to kick up the seasoning, like by A LOT. Even just a little salt goes a long way! They also didn't even bother to put grill marks on my Chicken Piccatta, so my chicken was stark white, which doesn't look as appealing to eat. It just looked boiled, and my pasta was dry.  Pros:- Service was good and our waiter was attentive. We were seated and served promptly.-Cheesecake was delicious (but I think it's pre-made not made in-house).-Tex-Mex eggrolls were also good.Overall, CF is a solid choice if you have a large party with diverse taste palettes because the menu is like 20 pages long. However, the bland food and exorbitant prices are enough to make this be my last time visiting this location.
4 So today went to lunch here and guess what I found in my grandmas lunch!? HAIR. Management came out to apologize and that was it! This has nothing to do with our waitress just horrible to experience this onky for an apology! Two thumbs down doesn't deserve 1 star but obviously I had to rate.
3.5 I love the Cheesecake Factory but recently this location has sucked on service. Came for my birthday and the waitress was just too busy for me and testy. Visited another location in San Diego 3 weeks ago and that location was excellent all around. I'm ok with not coming here again.
3.5 Covid has gotten to this place- they suck now!  Food is NOT the same as it used to be.  This  location sucks!!  Last time food sucked AND they got my cheesecake wrong (UGH) this time the food sucked again!  I did NOT order cheesecake since they could r get it right the last time. Go elsewhere or cook for yourself.  It is NOT the same.
4 Service was really rude!!! Ruined my mood for the rest of the night.But the food was pretty good it wasn't badAlso had to pay for your parking which was really stupid ($7)
3 Sent the following email to the General Manager. Was there for Dinner last Saturday night June 20.. very upsetting her could not respond to my email.Hello Mark,I was at your restaurant this past Saturday night June 20th with 3 other people. We sat in one of the booths in the bar area. Ashley and Tiffany are amazing. I can not say enough of how wonderful their service was.  However when it came to the kitchen we waited at least 45 minutes for our food to come out once we ordered. Here is where the problem started. My brother had a chicken dish and it came out ice cold,  my husband's veggie burger as well came out ice cold.  We had spoken to the manager on duty, Adriana and she offered to remake the burger at this time my brother's food was already redone and was fine. When Adriana took my husband's veggie burger back to be redone she offered him  soup or salad to have in the meantime while he waited.  He said he would like the dinner salad. I have to say Adriana dropped it there . She never brought him his dinner salad. When she came back with his dinner we told her that and she said she would be happy to get it now. Well at that point it was not wanted.I had the chicken sliders and they were cold as well. However I still ate them because I was hungry and at this point did not wait any longer. I will say that Adriana did wind up taking two off the dinners off the check and did offer us all a slice of cheesecake. I do understand that the restaurant is dealing with new standards but the things we have experienced I would expect at a new restaurant not one that has been around for a while.I really feel that Adriana did not care what was going on; she never came back to check on us to make sure everything was fine. I will say that Tiffany was amazing and she did everything in her power to make sure we had the best experience possible. I honestly feel like we are just another person complaining to Adriana. At this point i do not know if we'll be coming back to your restaurant anytime soon. We were going to put a bad review on yelp but I felt that I should write to you first to advise you of what happened on Saturday night. I look forward to hearing back from you either by email or phone. My phone number is xxx-xxx-xxxx.Thank you so much
4 My food had hair and sand in it , as if the food was dropped on the floor, picked up and put on my plate. Disgusting. I'll never ever eat again at the Cheesecake Factory Marina Del Rey. Terrible.
5 The woman parking attendant was so nice and helpful when I picking up my order. Didn't feel like I was being rushed or bothering. Had, a mishap on our order and had some items missing but, the manager went above & beyond to fix our items via gift card which he did not have to do. Exceptional customer service. I rarely do reviews but, make exceptions for exceptional customer service. Thank you !
3 This is definitely one of Cheesecake Factory's prettier locations, at least if you decide to sit outside on their big patio (overlooking water!). The food is usually good, not distinguishly better or worse than any of their other locations. However, the reason for three stars is because of my home deliveries from this location. One time I ordered avocado rolls and they arrived looking kind of bad. The avocado looked like it had been sitting out for hours, was a brownish color and it didn't taste good. I've ordered the avocado rolls many times at location and they've been a pretty green color so I know they aren't supposed to look like that. The second time I ordered cheesecake and it had a long strand of hair sticking out from the bottom of the box and the cheesecake :( So the home deliveries definitely need to see some improvement in the future, in my opinion.
5 I've been currently waiting for more than half an hour at Cheesecake Factory in Marina Del Rey just for a cup of tea to get brewed. Now I see why this restaurant has 3 stars and employees are really rude. I am not even allowed to ask why and they told me to walk away without the tea.
5 I order dinner deliveries to my home roughly 3x a week.  In the past 18 months, I ordered from Cheesecake Factory at least 40 times.  When they get the order right, it's great.  But about half the time, they make mistakes.  And last night they finally pushed me over the edge by messing up 67% of the 6 items that I ordered.  So here we are.  This is how 1. I ordered white chocolate raspberry truffle cheesecake.  It wasn't delivered bc they ran out of it.  Cheesecake Factory running out of cheesecake is like McDonald's running out of burgers.  Seriously.  It's a breathtaking failure. 2.  I ordered Greek salad -- without olives.  It was delivered with olives -- which I don't eat.3.  I ordered sliders with cheese.  It was delivered with bacon -- which I don't eat.4.  I ordered bread and butter.  It wasn't delivered.  (I even reminded them a phone call to include these items -- but they still failed to include it.)The other two out of six items were fine.  But any restaurant that fails to properly fill orders roughly 50% of the time, and in one order, messes up 4 out of 6 items, needs new management.
1 America she's factory is going down it's getting worse services nobody nice dirty and you don't take care of customers the very rude the people in the management cheesecake factory on her roots people steal their finance on us watch what happen with which Starbucks close in 16 store and I believe if you don't wake up engines management and put camera in the stores in Saint Pete Postma difference restaurants to check his services in square P printer not want to work in the fur-lined do you zero stars I was in my boat in the marina Del Rey and I go to the Marina cheesecake factory I made the reservation and I also picked up stuff from the restaurant to my friend with his yard he was very rude it was very specific stuff he was called you got heavy weight so I had to take care of the problem Latin management lady she was eating and talking to the workers shake a Normie and I told her I would file complaint wake up cooperates cheesecake factory your stuff will destroy you and he told me that I do not recommend you guys anymore cake factory so far I am receive the time
1 I witness how the receptionist and staff of waitress and waitresses mistreated a couple that complained about a dark corner table assigned to them. I was seated in a double table close by and offer them to separate my tables so they could enjoy the view and light . They accepted and half hour later they left in a rush ..complaining of laxatives in their food ...
5 I went with a group of young people. There is no free or street parking. You have to pay $6. We waited two hours and they didn't refill my decaf coffee  the manager kept explaining how she felt & I had to let her know that I understood her feelings. They needed a little lessons on emotional control and professionalism. My lemon cake cake out totally soggy too.Worst of all they ran out of crab bites. Super disappointing.
1 This place has horrible service!!! They make us wait for 2 hours and after getting a table they changed our waiter 3 times!!! No one wanted to serve us. No customer deserves this kind of service.  Our money was green just like everyone else's.  I don't recommend this place to anyone. Every human being should be treated equally regardless of their race or skin color.
4 Proper social distancing??? Everyone was crowded at the door, 2 feet apart at best. Half had no mask or wore it below their nose. And to get your order, you had to walk and stand in the middle of everyone. Completely unacceptable to put everyone's health at risk. Would not recommend going here until this, even on a busy night like tonight, is figured out.
4 The worst manager I ever met in my life refused to refund my order after I waited an hour for a cheesesteak sandwich and fries that was served cold and the bread was hard and tough . He said that's the way sourdough bread is .  I had paid for this order left and came back within two minutes and had one bite of the tough cold food .. he said all he could do was cook me something else instead of refunding my 15.00 . I was there almost two hours my first order was  chicken club sandwich that was so tough I could not chew it so I asked for the steak sandwich as a replacement and that was just as bad .. i enjoyed my salad and cocktail but that was about it . I eat at the Sherman oaks location and never had to return anything this manager is a complete jerk .. left my sandwich for him to eat that garbage
4 DO NOT GO!!!!!!!!    The Food is terrible spent 90$ on trash the employees used unnecessary disgusting language I watched a waiter try to "get at" a guest very unprofessional called her "Carmel" & started flirting with guest I asked for a well done steak & got a bloody steak, order a pasta plate as well noodles were hard no flavor chicken was soft & chewy as if it came out of a frozen bag of Tyson I am disgusted with my experience at this location never will I return back
4 The reservation and check-in process pretty much suck here, and especially being covid conscious, the narrow entry way to the receptionist with minimal social distancing is a real health hazard.  And there's no point in having a reservation because you will have to wait anyway! Also, the manager there needs to communicate with her staff because she kept telling my party to move from the walkway and we were told by the other staff members to stand there? So that was awkward because there wasn't anywhere to go without my 4 and 6 year old getting trampled. After you get through that, everything else is  your typical Cheesecake Factory experience and even though we really did like our server, things were quite slow. I think it took us 30 min to get our desserts? But overall, food was what we expected/wanted so that was nice, and there's always room for the cheesecake of course! Will we be back to this location? Probably not... but maybe take out would be the better option? Although that line looked like a cluster too, so maybe not. Well, good luck! Make sure you are reallllly craving cheesecake and have a few hours to spare if you want to come here. Ohhhh and don't forget to bring $7 for parking.
4 I spent my morning trying to have a good time with my friend but I spent my energy trying to find my waiter that never came back to me with my order, to bring water, to get my desert and I just couldn't find him. The others waiters was always walking around but my guy probably was playing his phon somewhere. So sad.Unfortunately I forgot his name.
2.5 I love Cheesecake Factory. I really do. Whether it's the avocado eggrolls or the warm bread on the table, it's always a good time. Well. Usually. Cheesecake Factory? You have broken my heart by removing the Thai Chicken Pasta from the menu. I know it's been more than a year since that item was removed from the menu, but it still breaks my heart every time I go in to one of the CF restaurants and can't have my absolutely favorite menu item ever. I mean, it was on the menu for years. YEARS. Why did it have to go?But I digress. My friends and I had a very nice brunch at this location recently. Great weather. Sat out on the patio. (You really should reconsider those chairs, though. We of the boo-tay clan have a difficult time getting comfortable in those wicker-thigh-busters you call chairs.) Sure, we had to adjust and readjust the umbrellas to avoid retinal damage and skin cancer, but it was worth it. Oh, so worth it.Our server (whose name I have forgotten .. sorry) was really nice and incredibly friendly. Just the right amount. Not overly-fakey-fakey, not aloof. The food was good. (except for the whole lack-of-thai-chicken-and-pasta fiasco) The cocktails were AMAZEBALLS.And the view? Perfection. Who doesn't want to enjoy fresh air, fresh food, boozy drinks, and a view of people doing yoga on paddle boards?
4 This location has a very nice scenery.. my fav dish no mater which location I go to is the Cajun Jambalaya pasta
3.5 I guess I'll start off with the good, the food was amazing! The service on the other hand needs major improvement, the waiter seemed like he did not want to ask for my ID instead he decided to motion with his hand hahaha. He was very rude never looked or way after we received our drinks and when the food came never came to see if we needed anything else. My boyfriend tried to get his attention 3 times by saying excuse me and he just ignored him. Later on I asked for a slice of cheesecake to go and the tab. It took him 30 minutes just to bring the cheesecake and the tab. During the 30 minutes he decided to attended to other customers while he walk back and forth past our table. Overall the service sucks, you guys need to re train your staff immediately.
3.5 Great service! Great food!Long wait (not their fault. Weather conditions closed their patio seating)
4 $7 for self parking is absolutely ridiculous....Even as valet.. It's not even a nice parking lot either...Smh
1 Where do I even begin with this review. At this point, this is all comical. SO I had a poor dining experience at The Grove location, as a chance to win me back they sent me a $15 gift card to dine a second time. So tonight's dinner was part compliments of The Cheesecake Factory and this experience was even worse than the first one. I don't want another gift card, I really just don't have the energy to deal with mediocre food AND mediocre service. We waited 30 minutes for a table, our server takes awhile to bring us water and bread and we ordered right away because we knew it would just be crazy. I order a salad, he orders an appetizer and burger. The appetizer comes out in a good speed but an hour plus goes by and we're like where is our food.... We then get notified that the order got messed up. On top of this, we asked multiple times for new silverwear since ours were DIRTY!!!! He did not bring it, I asked another server who brought it asap. The table next to us also had dirty silverware. That is DISGUSTING, I ate with plastic utensils, I have never in my life done this at a restaurant. My friend asked for ketchup with his burger, never got it. Literally everything that could go wrong went wrong minus finding glass or hair in our food. What a nightmare. It was so bad that I spoke with the manager letting her know what a horrible experience this was. She was apologetic and offered us a slice of cheesecake which we took her up on but jesus, 100% will not return.
1 I love visiting CCF. The food is always great. Today our server was extra nice and attentive.  I had the Sunday brunch chilaquilas.  We ended the day with very strong Irish coffees.  The view was perfect looking out towards marina.  Valet parking is $7 on weekends.
5 ____9/9 UpdateAfter contacting the cheesecake factory.com/connect On 9/6 , possibly because Of the holiday I have not hear back from ANYONE. I called the Calabasas Headquarters at 818 871-3000, I was told that those messages are sent to the location I visited. I do not expect to hear back from them 9/6/220 onlIne order for lCURBSIDE =Parked and get out .Usually decent service .We love the Cheesecake Factory . We have ordered take out least 3 times since this summer . The family wanted dessert so we ordered 6 slices of cheesecake. I logged in  online ordered 6 pieces of cheesecake at 7:08pm. It was "estimated to be ready around 7:43pm. Usually the same time (1/2 hour ) when we order dinner  & dessert.Sent the hubby to pickup as usual, website tells you enter the make and model of your car and they'll text you and bring it out .Not the case they tell you where to park ,  you have to get out and wait online at a "EZ up tent . At 8:00, still not ready. The asked For the name on the order . My husband told them They said there was no order with either my  our our first names or our last name??? It's 6 slices of cheesecake and. NO HOT food.They still said "no order" ... kind of made it feel like WE were to blame . But they definitely had a name on the credit card they charged . They finally found it at 8:30pm and we're no apologetic at all. Almost 90 min for ONLY , prepared bakery items!   They must not have looked hard because by the time my husband came back we live about 2 miles , Less than 10 min away,the cheesecakes were not as firm or cold, and my poor husband slice was tiny by "Cheesecake Factory "standards. Not exactly worth the wait.Made a call to speak to the manager, we love and one mind paying for the amazing cheesecake but not to soggy sad and tiny.  Adrianna after she disconnected me while putting me "on hold"  only had excuses.  "I wondered what happened to you ?" Um, you disconnected me"There were lots of tickets, we were very backed up, we don't cut the slices , etc" Wit the multiple employees lacking  any type concern during the "pickup " I don't know why I would expect better from management. Also explained that there was order times and order number and a name on the receipt staples to the bag!!!She said she would "look into it" I'm confident it will improve ........ NOT!!!!
5 CURBSIDE =Parker and get out .Usually decent service .We love the Cheesecake Factory . We have ordered take out least 3 times since this summer . The family wanted dessert so we ordered 6 slices of cheesecake. I logged in  online ordered 6 pieces of cheesecake at 7:08pm. It was "estimated to be ready around 7:43pm. Usually the same time (1/2 hour ) when we order dinner  & dessert.Sent the hubby to pickup as usual, website tells you enter the make and model of your car and they'll text you and bring it out .Not the case they tell you where to park ,  you have to get out and wait online at a "EZ up tent . At 8:00, still not ready. The asked For the name on the order . My husband told them They said there was no order with either my  our our first names or our last name??? It's 6 slices of cheesecake and. NO HOT food.They still said "no order" ... kind of made it feel like WE were to blame . But they definitely had a name on the credit card they charged . They finally found it at 8:30pm and we're no apologetic at all. Almost 90 min for ONLY , prepared bakery items!   They must not have looked hard because by the time my husband came back we live about 2 miles , Less than 10 min away,the cheesecakes were not as firm or cold, and my poor husband slice was tiny by "Cheesecake Factory "standards. Not exactly worth the wait.Made a call to speak to the manager, we love and one mind paying for the amazing cheesecake but not to soggy sad and tiny.  Adrianna after she disconnected me while putting me "on hold"  only had excuses.  "I wondered what happened to you ?" Um, you disconnected me"There were lots of tickets, we were very backed up, we don't cut the slices , etc" Wit the multiple employees lacking  any type concern during the "pickup " I don't know why I would expect better from management. Also explained that there was order times and order number and a name on the receipt staples to the bag!!!She said she would "look into it" I'm confident it will improve ........ NOT!!!! Hey
3 Good atmosphere, delicious foods and deserts...Hot coffee, fine deserts in the cold night.
4 The Restaurant is great!! But dealing with the attitudes from valet will put you in a mood!! They're really rude!! Piss you off to where you don't want to leave your car with them... Cheesecake Factory please come up with something for self-parking!!! I know at lease five families that stop coming to this one for that reason!!! Other than that!!The food and service inside is  even on a busy night they make sure you are taken care of, rather it's dining in or pick-up!! Keep up the good service!!!
5 I had a horrible curbside pickup experience today. So bad that I won't choose to patronize this restaurant again. To The Cheesecake Factory representative monitoring these reviews, I will be submitting this on your website as you have advised other Yelpers to do. But in a nutshell, the curbside pickup area was not set up 45 minutes past the restaurant's opening time. I was then directed inside. My simple order of 4 desserts was finally ready more than 15 minutes late. When I asked the staff member why operations were not flowing smoothly, he blamed me and gave one excuse after another, including that customers are supposed to call the restaurant upon arrival. This is not what the Olo instructions state: "We will text you when your order is ready & will bring it out to you." When I presented him with that information, he stated that the order slip doesn't print the customer's phone number for the restaurant to contact them. I suggested that if the Olo instructions are incorrect, they should be revised. This staff member was confrontational and closed our discussion with a dismissive, "Well, it's OK." Really? For whom? It's OK to completely fail at fulfilling an order? I wish I could have retracted my prepaid gratuity as this experience was completely undeserving of a gratuity. I'm flabbergasted that a well resourced corporation can fail so miserably when all my other pickup experiences during COVID from mom-and-pop restaurants have far surpassed this one.
4 While the food was good (when it finally arrived) overall the experience was bad due to poor service. After sitting for over ten minutes without being do much as acknowledged. The waiter we were assigned was the only redeeming quality. He was great. Unfortunately, all his other tables were outside while we were inside. It was like they were trying to set him up for failure. Long wait times for just about anything and one member of our group only got his food after we complained to the one of the managers.Don't plan on coming back. YMMV, but be wary...
3 It is New Year's Day so naturally they are very busy but surprisingly we were seated almost immediately. Not that it mattered because it took our waitress 1/2 an hour to bring us coffee. Overall service was just okay.I ordered the California Omelet with no tomatoes but I got it with tomatoes. Good thing I'm not allergic.I guess it's little things like this that are the reason it only averages 3 stars after almost 1,200 Yelp reviews.
3 Went in a couple of months ago - party of 7. Service was slow but not too bad.  I ordered the fish and chips.  It was the toughest chewiest nastiest  fish I've ever put in my mouth.  I did not swallow it for fear that it was old and possibly spoiled.  I told the waiter when he brought us the check and looked at my full plate that I could not eat it because it was not consumable.  He didn't care a bit.  Never offered even so much as a dollar off the meal that was not fit for consumption.  Will not go back in there again.
4 Had a terrible experience at the Cheesecake Marina del rey location this last Sunday late afternoon.  An intoxicated lady at the bar was unruly and harassing my girlfriend and I.  No wonder the bar had 2 open seats at peak hour.  We politely tried to ignore her but she was out of control.  The staff and managment did nothing to control her or remove her.  We were left to deal with this over poured patron.  IT WAS SO UNCOMFORTABLE.  I complained to both bartenders (whose profusely apologized) , hostess and supervisor without her looking not to aggravate the situation.  They still did nothing.  Luckily she finally wandered off....THANK GOD!  Then to add, it took forever for our food to arrive.  The overall experience was not right and I did not expect this from an established food chain that usually offers a nice and polite environment.Lastly, when the bill came, they did not offer any compensation for the inconvenice.  I asked if they could please at least comp the appetizer considering.  The manager comes over and wants to tell me she can't control people in the restaurant THAT SHE MANAGES.  She felt that this was not the restaurant's responsilbility to handle.  Mind you, she had not appeared once during the whole incident.Disappointing CHEESECAKE FACTORY!!!
4 What is there not to like about Cheesecake Factory? Every time I come here I feel a sense of joy and the urge to indulge in everything off their menu! I love it's location. There's something about dining by the harbor that makes everything that much grander. This spot is always packed. Sometimes you have to rub elbows with each other just to wait for a table. The staff is super nice...very polite and courteous. My party and I waited 10 minutes to be seated. We were seated in the patio, giving us a priceless view of Mother's Beach. The amount of items on the menu here are endless! Out of a zillon things, I ordered the Fried Shrimp Sandwich. The flavor from the sriracha aoli gave the sandwich a nice spicy kick. The shrimp was absolutely crispy and buttery. It was very delicious! The cheesecakes are TO DIE FOR! I have almost tried every cheesecake here (and lived to write this review...lol.) I can say there is no better cheesecakes made out there (and sold at any restaurants or stores) that could be any better than what the Cheesecake Factory offers...unless you are in NYC. Than the Cheesecake quality turns up a notch or two! Above all else, This location is a very clean, busy, and friendly establishment. I recommend this spot for any occasion. I believe you should experience a sunset dinner on the patio here in the summertime at least once in your lifetime. You will never regret any part of your experience. 5 stars all around!
4 Started off the night on the wrong foot, after waiting 45 minutes we were seated next to a large and very loud party where we were a single table for two pushed to the corner. After asking the hostess to move tables he was very rude and said there is a line so he could not move us, yet I had just seen a couple move table seconds before. After mentioning this he said he could do nothing to help and we would have to speak to a manager. I followed up by asking who the manager was and he answered by telling me I would have to go look for a manager myself. Luckily, our waiter was kind enough to sort it out and found us another table after the rudeness displayed by the rest of the staff. After all of this the icing on the cake is their $7 valet parking you are forced to use during your visit... one more deterrent to prevent you from leaving this lousy place once you realize how bad the service is..To recap... staff is very rude, the parking lot is a joke and forces you to valet your vehicle, poor table layout, don't bother wasting your money at this establishment.This will be my first and last time eating at a Cheese Cake Factory Restaurant..
4 Let me start off by saying the Cheesecake Factory is awesome but not this location.I would suggest you googling The Cheesecake Factory in Redondo Beach is worth taking a 25-minute ride down there because once you get there you will need Lee be seated because that place is three times bigger than the Marina Del Rey location and you have a better Ambiance still overlooking the harbor.The reason why is because first of all parking there is tight in the valet service is horrible. The reason why it's horrible is because the valet service should know how full the restaurant is since it's a small restaurant because the management or the stuff that the restaurant should be communicating back to the valet attendants letting them know how full the restaurant is because this is one of the smallest Cheesecake Factories they have.The management there is very nonchalant along with most of the workers just because they work at the Cheesecake Factory they have lost touch of reality in the field of customer service. So why wait in a long line that's going to take you about 30 or 35 minutes till we see it and a compact area when you can spend the 25 and 30 minutes go down go down the coast and be out of more comfortable vibrant Cheesecake Factory and spend your money in the place where you feel way more comfortable and at ease and definitely the waiters or servers there are way more professional and friendly hl
4 Absolutely HORRIBLE service!!!! STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!!!! I have been a Cheesecake Factory regular for decades but NEVER ever have I experienced such a horrid and AWFUL dining experience in my life!We were a party of six. They brought 3 salad orders wrong! The salads had non of the ingredients stated in the menu just a hand full of kale!! The server came back Acknowledged the mistake! Apologized and said they have a new chef!! Since it was taking forever he Suggest that we take the salmon off the plate and he was going to bring back three new salads With the correct ingredients the missing avocados quinoa seeds radish to name a few...To our disbelief the manager shows up with the three old salad plates and she has the audacity to say that she is not going to bring three new correct salads as it was half eaten!!!!Digging into the plate and says oh she sees one slice of reddish WTF!!!!  She is standing there arguing with us at this point we are so frustrated hangry the night is pretty much ruined and can't stand looking at her let along arguing with her! She is lucky we have more class we didn't get up to leave right there and then..Who in the world has hired this woman as a manager!!!   I'm definitely going to write to the headquarters about her! None of us will ever think of going back to this place!I urge you to STAY AWAY and find another place if you want a better dinning experience then we had!I would give it NO star if I could
2.5 The restaurant service was great, but the valet ruined the experience for me.  To be straight up LIED TO about there being no public parking available, then to be blindsided by a 7 dollar valet charge when there was space on the ticket for validation that the restaurant does not do anything with, is completely absurd.Patrons have the right to know what their parking options are, and should not be tricked into paying money to a valet attendant who is dishonest and treats guests as if they're wasting his time.  He was very dismissive, and rude.Granted, it was raining heavily when we arrived, so there could have been indicators of public parking.  However, I am truly disappointed that I was lied to by an employee of this establishment.  Patrons BEWARE.UPDATE: Cheesecake Factory corporate reached out to me and didn't do anything to make the situation right.  They simply recommended to reach out to the Valet company, as they're a separate entity.  Thanks a lot!
4 The restaurant service was great, but the valet ruined the experience for me.  To be straight up LIED TO about there being no public parking available, then to be blindsided by a 7 dollar valet charge when there was space on the ticket for validation that the restaurant does not do anything with, is completely absurd.Patrons have the right to know what their parking options are, and should not be tricked into paying money to a valet attendant who is dishonest and treats guests as if they're wasting his time.  He was very dismissive, and rude.Granted, it was raining heavily when we arrived, so there could have been indicators of public parking.  However, I am truly disappointed that I was lied to by an employee of this establishment.  Patrons BEWARE.
3.5 Always consistent, enjoyable, great service, sigNature items and always save room for dessert.   Great for happy hour, singles, couples/partners, work events, small or large gatherings (plan ahead). Food is delicious and service is always consistent.     Many locations all over the US from CA to RI.    You need to pay for parking in the Marina Del Rey location.  Plan to pay cash and tip.  Enjoy appetizers, small plates, meals and dessert.   I love the cheesecake but I love the apple desserts more.    Enjoy!!!!
3.5 I would say I have been to roughly 20 CCF restaurants throughout the USA and this was one of the worst ones I have been too. Our waiter was short with us and generally inattentive, he never came back to ask us how are meals were or if we needed refills.  He handed me a takeout box and didn't box my food, not a big deal but I don't think that is standard practice at CCF.We were really annoyed about the valet parking charge, of course the prices aren't posted when you drive in to the lot.CCF is not high end, but it's not cheap either, so I do expect better.  I think the service and experience at this location was a major let down.The location of this restaurant is nice, but between the crappy service and the parking charge we are unlikely to be back.
4 What could be a lavish, flagship restaurant for the franchise, the location is instead smaller and overcrowded... not good in the midst of a pandemic. Food quality is noticeably inferior to other restaurants with their name on it, especially in the suburban midwest. Had my usual chicken picatta here recently and it had the texture of rubber. Something was off with the sauce as well; it had a sour taste to it. Management took it off the bill for me and the others in my party seemed ok with their meals. The view and location on the water in Marina del Rey is prime. Now all they need is a remodel and new management.
1 My experience today was by far the worst customer service I have ever experienced at this location. I have been coming here for years with my family and little things happened but nothing compared to today's customer service. Upon arrival We were told the wait was an 1 hour.  Due  to me being extremely hungry and wanting cheesecake I placed my name on the list  . Then we just decided to go to a near by restaurant. We headed back to valet and let them know we could not wait a hour . The valet said ok it's $6.00 . I'm like we only stayed for less than 15 minutes and you required that we still pay for parking? He said " I told  you the wait time was an hour in a half " I firmly stated we changed our minds . We still gave  him a tip anyway. We go next door to eat and within 8 mins of leaving cheesecake we get a text saying our table is ready at Cheesecake Factory. Why tell customers it's a hour wait if it was only really 30mins or less  . What a waste of time . Makes no sense. We ate  next door but I still wanted a cheesecake . So we went back to Cheesecake Factory after eating . The person at the to go table outside Instructed me to go into bakery and order there's no wait . I get to bakery counter NO ONE ACKNOWLEDGED ME . Now I'm standing there for about 10 mins and finally I say can someone assist me . A young guy cuts me short and says he is on the phone . Ok . I'm now standing there pregnant and all trying to be understanding because it's Covid . Other staff walking around the bakery to get cakes for tables still no one helps me nor cares that I'm standing there . After 5 mins later  I ask again to the people behind the counter can Someone please assist me . The guy snaps and says "I told you I'm on the phone " another gentleman noticed how I was treated and stepped in to help . It should not take 20 mins to get 2 cheesecakes out of a refrigerator case and check me out , no one else was waiting in line . That makes no sense . Staff members just walking passed me no one cared !!! I don't think I'll be coming back to this location any time soon. The lack of acknowledgement was unacceptable today .
1 Don't order the pork sandwich, I got food poisoning.  I came in the next day and spoke with the manager that I got sick off their food they wouldn't comp my meal.  I came in sick, with my receipt and said I got sick. I was told I have to wait a week before I get an undisclosed response from corporate office or some excuse like that.My group came in around 4pm and the place was packed.  We didn't have to wait too long for our table but we did have to wait a while before we got our food.  The waitress was helpful but they don't take responsibility for the food quality.  I won't recommend this place to anyone.
1 Went to this Cheesecake Factory for my nieces graduation dinner, Me and my friend and our two kids got there around 6:30 and let the hostess know that we were expecting 20 more guest in oh party. As we waited we bought a few appetizers and drinks. We sat for about a good 2 and a half hours before our party arrived and which was expected because it was graduation season and this was the reason why we arrived early so that by the time everyone in our group arrived our table would be ready. So my friend goes to the hostess desk and tells her that everyone is there that we were expecting and she tells my friend that someone took our table. Excuse me? How can someone just take our table? So she tells us to wait a little longer and she should have us seated. We wait about another hour and by this time everyone in our party including the graduate and her mother is starting to get upset. We've had a very long day and all we want to do is sit down and eat. So I go up to the hostess desk and ask what's the hold up? She tells me the same thing that someone took our table. At this point it's after 9pm,  one of my friends goes up to the hostess desk and ask why hasn't our beeper notified us yet and ask for the manager, the manager comes up and says she has no knowledge of us even waiting for a table. Ok we are getting two different stories from the staff that works here. Finally when more of us go up to the hostess and complain they seat half of us which is only the women, the men are still sitting in the bar area. After about another 30 mins of the ladies sitting by ourselves they seat the men on the other side of us with a party of five people in between us... this is the people that they said that took our table. I don't believe this because how can someone just seat themselves with a waiter and everything? And they were complaining that the service was terrible. To make a long story long we didn't our food until around 11pm. 3 so called managers came to our table and not one wanted to take responsibility for what happened. And one of them told us that he would take care of us and ended up leaving. My best friend and her daughter(Graduate) was so frustrated with the service they cried and the manager did nothing to accommodate us. We left our cold and over cooked food on the table. When the management only suggested that She take 20 percent off of the bill. Then threatened to call the police on us. This place is poorly ran and I blame the management because her staff is only following her lead. They will never ever get my business again and I hope the corporate  rectifies the situations with management.
1 The establishment may be more mindful of the cleanliness of the women's restroom. I asked to be seated outdoors but was seated inside instead. Busy is good for the restaurant but not an excuse to disregard customer's request especially when there were a lot of seats available outdoors. The dining experience can be good even if food is ok if the ambience said above is competitive.
1 This place has so much potential with it's great location with view of the beach but disappoints.  The wait time for a to go order from the time I waited in line was nearly 90 minutes.  This is 45 mins longer than what was communicated.More so, the 'large burrito' ($22) did not have any salsa or guacamole...only steak, rice, and some corn...you can imagine the very small burrito.  Double ouch!Move on....
5 Food is delicious and the gorgeous views make up for service that's kind of Luke warm... the Waitress are always kind though. I understand the less friendly people are just tired and working hard. Love it here though.
1 Absolutely disgusting!!!! So dirty everywhere. Bathrooms, tables , outside, inside. They should be ashamed!!! We will never be back.
3 EXTREMELY disappointed. Took my parents out and after 30 years of not being back to The Cheesecake Factory they were extremely disappointed. Ordered the Thanksgiving Turkey sandwich, that had no gravy? When asked, the gravy was brought out COLD....TWICE! Who eats a hot sandwich with cold gravy. Not us! Ordered Jambalaya that was lacking flavor. I honestly couldn't believe the one item many rave about was so bland. Ordered the gumbo which was also bland. The potato soup had flavor but I wasn't impressed. Waitress was nice but forgot our drinks and I didn't even bother to ask after the food was horrible. The best thing was the bread. For roughly $20 a plate of food I would think The Cheesecake Factory would have their $hit together.  Don't bother eating here, save your $20 bucks for another restaurant. Much rather waste my money down the street at Killer Shrimp. The Cheesecake  Factory has toooooo many items on their menu and the chefs don't even know the flavors to work with. Lost our business, we won't be returning...... To make matters worse my father who didn't tell me cuz he knew I would've left and made a scene, just informed me A MALE EMPLOYEE USED THE MENS RESTROOM AND WALKED OUT WITHOUT WASHING HANDS!! ANYONE WHO GETS SICK NOW YOU KNOW WHAT RESTAURANT TO BLAME IF YOU ATE HERE. sounds like a call to the COUNTY INSPECTORS WILL BE MADE.
5 I stopped  ordering from here several months ago but decided to give it another shot.  Unfortunately I was quickly reminded of way I stopped getting dinner here. The quality of the food has gone down significantly.  My food was cold and kinda gross. My guacamole looked like it had been sitting for awhile.  I ended up tossing the entire dish.  Additionally the cheesecake I was so looking forward to was missing from my order.  Dinner was completely ruined.  Entree so nasty I could not eat it and dessert missing.  Definitely disappointed in the MDL location.
4 Absolutely terrible experience. They gave our table to someone else after an hour wait. We waited an additional 45 min to be seated. Then we didn't get service for another 45 min. Then the waitress was extremely rude and kept ignoring us. She didn't bring out the cake for my mother in laws bday. Then threw the cake on the table after I asked her another 3 times. Then it was the wrong cake lol. She then yelled at me saying that it's my mistake. The icing on the cake, they were singing happy birthday to another table while my mother in law had the cake thrown onto our table without even a happy birthday.I couldn't make this stuff up. Also spoke with the manager who did not take care of the situation and was too busy flirting with some girls. He also looked very young and inexperienced. I can't even explain it.. is it just horrible service, mixed in with racism? We are kind and reasonable people we can't believe we were treated this way. This was supposed to be a special evening with our family visiting from out of state. It was stressful and upsetting. I never write long reviews but I've never experienced such horrible service. Needless to say we will never come back to the Cheesecake Factory again.
4 Only giving them a one star because I have to or I wouldn't give it a star at all. There's 4 people in my party and we reserved our spot in line and was told to wait 45-60min wait time. We waited from 6:30p until 8:45p and were told that there's 3 more parties in front of us when the employee told us it was only going to be another 15min wait. They told us that reservations take priority and we're now #4 in line. We ended up leaving because the service was horrible and there was no updates on the next wait time. Won't be returning here.
4 This used to be one of my favorite restaurants in town. Unfortunately throughout the years they have let the demand ruin there service and food quality. It feels as if they just keep getting cutting in service and quality. You can see it in the history of the yelp reviews. Tonight we were celebrating my wife's birthday with the family.  We exchanged a salad that had to much dressing and had to argue with three people, one of them being the manager, about the fee for the original salad because they did not want to reverse it. I've never had this issue in the past nor with that caliber of a restaurant. They really need to spend some money and train or hire the right kind of management. As much as I like the ambiance and the restaurant I will not be going back for a while.
4 Make sure you place your online pick up order when you aren't hungry because their kitchen is always behind on orders. I placed my order at 3:10pm my receipt said to pick up at 3:45pm my husband has been waiting outside for 40 min. Superrrrrrr slowwwww service!! You guys need to hire more kitchen staff! Never ordering again!!!
4 The firecracker salmon roll portions are inconsistent every time we go back the firecracker salmon rolls are smaller and sometimes larger.... The Buffalo blast hardly had any chicken in them, I think we came on a bad night normally these items are really good. And the proportions are substantial.Enjoy!
4 I really enjoyed my dining experience at this restaurant. Both my dinner and my dessert were absolutely fabulous. The desert itself was worth the price and time of my visit. My server came to our table very few times and I ran out of soda and had to wait until someone else came by to bring me more. I look for my server several times and when I did see him he was talking on his phone behind the bar area. for a meal this place will surely please anyone's taste. The desert was absolutely outstanding. But service is going to be hit-and-miss depending on how many phone calls your server is expecting!
2.5 Adult Children Absolutely Loved the location on the Bay, View & All. Surprisingly,  wait time was 45+ Minutes, but we were fortunate to find space for 4 in the bar area. Surprisingly not too crazy Considering it was packed. Staff was quick to bring water, menu, & calamari. Orange Chicken was Amazing according to Son, my Meatloaf was fantastic & filling. Took half home. Tuna Ahi portions seemed smaller than other times,  but my better half enjoyed her food. Overall an Incredible Experience!
4 My wife made a reservation to celebrate my birthday yesterday. We have been to other locations in US, but we just moved here and thought we'd go here. Walking distance. We checked in and were told they had no reservation for a table of 7. Before we could correct host he called manager over and she was an angry soul. She told us she could not accommodate a table if 7 because they were too busy and had many people waiting that did not make reservations. We finally said that our reservation was for 2. She angrily replied what name was that reservation under. We provided it and she said I don't have that either. She demanded my wife produce a confirmation #. She made the reservation through Yelp. She accused my wife of wasting her time. I asked for her manager. She said "I'm it". She said just sit down and wait faith everyone else. What was supposed to be a birthday celebration turned into an encounter with a bully. I decided my birthday would  not be celebrated there. We went to the Chart House in Marina Del Rey and had a fantastic experience. Just a short walk from Cheesecake Factory. I'll never go back to Cheesecake Factory again I did speak to someone in Corporate. Much more interested in my concerns than locals. They sent me a gift certificate. I think I'll pass it n to someone that might need a nice meal and can't afford it.
3.5 My wife made a reservation to celebrate my birthday yesterday. We have been to other locations in US, but we just moved here and thought we'd go here. Walking distance. We checked in and were told they had no reservation for a table of 7. Before we could correct host he called manager over and she was an angry soul. She told us she could not accommodate a table if 7 because they were too busy and had many people waiting that did not make reservations. We finally said that our reservation was for 2. She angrily replied what name was that reservation under. We provided it and she said I don't have that either. She demanded my wife produce a confirmation #. She made the reservation through Yelp. She accused my wife of wasting her time. I asked for her manager. She said "I'm it". She said just sit down and wait with everyone else. What was supposed to be a birthday celebration turned into an encounter with a bully. I decided my birthday would  not be celebrated there. We went to the Chart House in Marina Del Rey and had a fantastic experience. Just a short walk from Cheesecake Factory. I'll never go back to Cheesecake Factory again.
3.5 NEGATIVE ONE MILLION STARS. not even zero stars. Thats how much this place SUCKS. If you want to experience HORRIBLE customer service and are looking to eat at a place that doesn't care about their customers or the environment, then you have come to the right place. I went here last night and I cannot believe the way I was treated. I was sitting at the bar while waiting for my table and wanted to order a skinny spicy margarita (they did not have the "skinny" option for this drink on their menu). They customized it for me and it actually tasted great. I liked it so much that when I was seated at my table, I ordered another one. This time it did not taste the same at all. The drink they brought me tasted very sweet and had a strong pineapple taste. There was no way that it was the same drink I ordered the first time. I nicely told the waitress that this drink tastes very sweet and I asked if I could just get a glass of wine. She told me that I have to speak to the manager. I thought that was weird because I've never had to speak to a manager because I didn't like a drink that was made at any other restaurant, but I didn't make a big deal about it. After speaking to 3 other waiters asking where the manager was, she finally came to the table 20 minutes later. By this time I had finished half of my dinner. The waitress also brought the wine I ordered at the same time as the manager coming. She asked what was wrong with my drink, and for the 3rd or 4th time I explained that it tasted too sweet and that I just wanted to have wine instead. She told me that she could remake the drink for me but she can't take it off the menu because I customized the drink. I've never heard of this in my life. We were going back and forth for a few minutes and she kept telling me there is nothing she can do. SHE DIDN'T EVEN APOLOGIZE. She made it seem like it was my fault I didn't like the drink because I customized it to make it "skinny". I asked her why they brought me a glass of wine then if the only option is to remake the drink. She said she will take the wine back since I didn't drink from it yet, even though they already put it on my table. SO MUCH FUSS AND ARGUING FOR A DAMN DRINK! I also asked for water at least 6 times and didn't get one until I was finished with my dinner and about to leave.  Cheesecake Factory is a huge establishment with 210 locations across the US and they are not even able to apologize for a 10-dollar item that their customer didn't like and remove it from the bill. RIDICULOUS. Not to mention, they still use PLASTIC STRAWS and don't even have paper straws as an alternative. They also don't have a vegan/vegetarian list in their 15 page long menu. Almost every item on their "skinnylicious" menu has meat in it. They clearly don't care about the environment or their customers. All they care about is money. Soooooo greedy and disgusting. Large corporations like this should be involved in making a positive change for our planet but they are still promoting plastic!!!????? I'm in disbelief. I think the CEO can afford investing in paper options, considering his net worth is 147 million dollars. Disgusting. Dirty money. I will never be returning to a cheesecake factory again!
4 Had lunch with mom yesterday and had a great experience thanks to our waitress,Maria and our great meal. Didnt get the chance to capture any photos of our meal, but the fish& chips and grilled salmon with mashed potatoes and broccoli were amazing! Id def be back to this location. The views and nice breeze were an added bonus
1 So disappointed picking up to-go from here! Im trying to support restaurants but they gave me an almost completely dry pasta da vinci. I paid an extra $6.50 for grilled shrimp. 4 pieces of shrimp it has! Never again MDR cheesecake factory.
3 My wife, granddaughter, and I were meeting my adult daughter for lunch at Cheesecake. We were seated for about 10 minutes when I got a call from my daughter that she was in a car accident on the way to meet us. Our server immediately insisted that we leave and not worry about paying for anything that he had served. . In addition he brought us a to-go cup filled with ice water for my granddaughter. Now that is what I call outstanding customer service. I will definitely return to the Cheesecake Factory for a full meal.
3 Thanks for the response to my review.  The chances me and the family to visit your location is slim and none.  The food was that bad, a second chance is not possible due the last experience. The food preparation was bad and it effected all our meals - with one meal returned.However, we will visit the other locations in LA and Orange County.  These sites the food prepared is exceptional and consistent. Thank you for your offer, but we will have to decline the offer.
5 Lunch with my family after my Grand Neice graduation from elementarty school.  We showed up just at opening 11:30, along with a huge crowd of families from the same school.  That said, the food was awful - my niece sent her meal back - it was not cooked to the way it was ordered.  I have been to other Cheesecake Factory locations in Orange County, L.A., Ca. and Las Vegas.  At each of these locations, the food has been perfect as ordered. We were very surprised and not happy with the food served.  None of us finished our meals and simply paid the bill and left. The staff was polite and professional, but that is where it stops - the meal I ordered was had at multiple Cheesecake locations and was very satisfied - this location the meal's were not satisfactory.  We elected not to send them back, since my Neice had already sent back her meal.  The restaurant was jammed and overwhelmed and the staff worked hard, the meal preparation was not up to the same standards as with the other locations. When in the LA area, we will insure to visit other Cheesecake Factory locations - not in the Marina area.
3 I waited 1 hr. to be seated. It was pure chaos in the restaurant they were very unorganized. They sat me in the bar area in a dark corner where you can usually seat yourself. Once seated the waiter went on break and introduced us to a new waitresses. We ordered drinks that was watered-down and when me and my Husband food was finally brought out it was cold. I asked the waitresses to heat it up she walked to 2 tables with my plate in her hand, then to the cash register to ring someone out and while doing so she held a conversation with 2 other employees then back to one of the tables all while holding my plate I asked her to warm up while in the midst of Covid-19 and the people at the tables had no mask on while dinning in. She finally took my plate to be warmed which I didn't eat. The only thing the manager I spoke to about the situation could offer me was a free cheesecake. The service was very poor with horrible customer service.
4 The waiter was not on top of her game Watched other arrive later and eatimg we were sitting with water for 15 to 20 minutes
5 Steak and salmon combo plate delivered with no sauce. Disappointing dry and blandish meal. Will stick with the Redondo location I suppose. Unfortunate...
1 Called to place a take out order. Was left on hold for 23 minutes. As I walked in still on hold, there were four hostesses bored, laughing and chatting with each other. I'll keep posting my experiences until this locations reevaluates their operations system. Customer service at this one is truly terrible.
3 Terrible customer service. Going out of my way to write this review specifically about the manager named Michael. I called speaking upon something that was discussed prior between another manager and I, this man was practically calling me a liar over a pasta. Phone etiquette is terrible, they should not have a man with these skills running the show.
3 We got the amazing cheeseburgers to go.... SO fantastic, BUT, no condiments whatsoever. HIGH QUALITY beef, tho'. Make sure you ask for extra napkins and condiments. You only get the tiny napkin with your silverware. We will order out again, tho'. Then you can drive to Chace Park to enjoy a Cheesecake Factory picnic. Lovely evening!!!
4 You really can't go wrong with Cheesecake Factory with their huge menu there is something for everyone. This location is great because it's near the marina and on a nice day you can sit outside. Sometimes it can be very crowded depending if you want to get seated inside or outside but the wait is never too long. Parking is a bit of a pain. The parking directly in front is valet only but there is a self pay parking lot just behind that. Another great thing about this location is that if there is a wait you can always try to snag one of the tables in the bar area. Those are first come first serve. And don't forget to leave without eating some dessert!!
4 This restaurant is less than a mile from my home.  I have eaten there many times and have never been disappointed!  Never!  The food is tasty and the portions are overly generous.  As for the pricing?  Try to beat it!  It's a casual beach type restaurant with good food.
4 It makes me beyond sad and angry to write a review for my kids favorite restaurant and my own ever since I was a teenager. On Saturday night, Feb 12 at 5:30pm, I placed my name for a table of 9 people (4 adults, 5 children under age of 6) at the Marina Del Rey location. We requested outdoor area/patio since we had our puppy with us. The hostess took down our number and mentioned the wait time will be longer due to requesting patio. Regular wait time was 1&1/2 hours but ours would be 2 hours. We had no choice since we had our dog so we put our names down. After 2 hours, there was still no text, so I decided to check up on our table. The same hostess said the party sitting at the patio still hasn't left and it will be longer. I asked how long and she said another 30 minutes. At this point our kids were getting hungry and we had waited 2 hours already, so decided to wait for the table. After 30 mins, I decided to check again for our table status since we hadn't gotten any texts. The same rude hostess (never apologized), said it's not her fault that the table is not available and if it wasn't because of our dog, we would have been seated inside already. The kids were so hungry, we decided to just get 2 separate tables on the patio just to be seated to order food for them. We were taken to our tables. The waitress was very helpful and nice, she mentioned the table we were waiting for is actually being cleaned and once ready we could move over to one table for all of us. Since we were all starving at this point (3 hours of waiting) as soon as we sat down we placed our food order. About 10 mins goes by, we still have no water nor the bread they usually bring. I had told the waitress multiple times to please bring out our kids food right away, but there were no sign of that. My kid was getting anxious from being so hungry, he accidentally stepped on my puppy's tail. My puppy barked for 2 seconds, and at the exact time, the manager: Martha, walked over to our table and said we need to leave the restaurants since no dog are allowed. I explained to her that the hostess was fully aware and that's why we waited over 3 hours for the patio. She then left to talk to the hostess. After 10 mins she comes back saying the hostess is now aware that no dogs are allowed on the patio but we still have to leave and she has already canceled the order with the kitchen!!!!!!!!!! Really???? So we told her my husband will leave with dog, just bring the food for the kids at least. She had the audacity to say, I don't care if the dog leaves now, your order is canceled and I'm not serving you! She then walked away! After 5 mins or so, a much nicer manager came to our table and said unfortunately tonight Martha is in charge and there's nothing they can do. He even apologized for Martha's behavior. While he's talking to us, Martha had already called the police!!!!!!!!! Really????? 5 hungry kids and you have police come to the restaurant???? The funniest part was the police officer being confused as why the manager called her. The officer even apologized and he offered to write a report for us if we want to take matters seriously the next day!!! My kids were crying, people staring at us, so embarrassing! Shame on you Martha being stone hearted, for wanting to show you have power, for being heartless! And shame on you The Cheesecake Factory for having someone like Martha as your manager! We are frontline health care professional whom were treated like criminals!!!! Our kids were traumatized and fell asleep in the car without having dinner.
4 OK this last trip to cheesecake was a little on the outside service was good but odd.
4 This is one of my favorite spots ! But when my boyfriend took me to dinner August 24  the food was not cook well at all and we end up vomiting as soon we finish eating . The service was wonderful though
2.5 I love the food here. Their tiramisu cheesecake is amazing and out of the world. Chicken tenders and chicken wings are great. Tried quite a few dishes here and till date their food stands out as an amazing. The wait for a table is horrible however, it's worth it.
4 Sky helped us. She was so amazing so friendly. I would come back just for her! She was very professional and personable. My family and I felt very taken care of.
3.5 I love it here!! I've been twice to this particular location & each time was great.  I came here for the first time on my birthday two months ago. And the staff was so kind & acommadating. And went out their way to make the night even more special for my birthday. You really can't go wrong here. The food is delicious. I've tried several things and there's nothing that isnt tasty here lol The view is beautiful. Especially at night. And reasonable prices as well. Its a win win all around. I've been to a couple cheesecake factories The Grove & Woodland HIlls and by far the Marina Del Rey location is the best one. Highly recommended.
3.5 The opening salvo problem started when I went to park my car in their small overcrowded lot. I was meeting friends there on a Saturday at 111:30am. My friend told me that there was public parking available as I'd never been to that location. In driving into the Cheesecake lot a valet( young man) approached me to park my car. He informed me that it was  $7 to park it there . I asked him where the ' public parking ' was. His response was that ' there was NO public parking '. Perplexed , I paid the $7. When I got out into the parking lot I soon saw that there WAS plenty of public parking on BOTH SIDES of the restaurant. This A Hole arrogant and smug valet simply wanted to make a tip later when I would leave. Disingenuous practice by this poorly run restaurant. The food came late even though the meals were small. Screw this place and the valets can shove it up their respective butts.
4 I had my usual and it was great. COVID-19 has not affected the food or the service! Great!!!!
4 I generally think food at Cheesecake Factory is good (well depending on what you order), although I have had some items that were pretty disappointing. But anyways, I came to this Cheesecake Factory on a Tuesday for lunch with my husband. Not being familiar with Marina Del Rey or this location, we were surprised to see that we had to pay for parking (bummer to that and wished this restaurant would provide free parking since we are spending money at this business). But anyways, after we entered the restaurant, we were greeted by the hostess and seated at a table (with a nice outside view of the water). After looking over the menu, we got:Shrimp with Angel Hair- The portion of this entree was rather large and plenty for 2 people to share. The noodles were cooked a little to long, as they were a little bit on the soft (almost mushy) side. The shrimp itself tasted good but wished there were more of it. The creamy sauce itself was good, but oily (typical of restaurant fare). Renee's Special- this lunch special comes with you choice of half a sandwich of either chicken almond salad or turkey. I opted for turkey and asked for it to be served on mustard instead of mayonnaise. This lunch special also comes with a cup of soup and a side of salad, which is quite a bit of food. The soup I had was tomato bisque and it was really nice and creamy and also served warm. But because the salad was served on the same plate as the soup and sandwich, a good part of it was already wilted by the time it got to my table. The turkey sandwich itself was pretty standard. Service was just average. Our water glasses were refilled only once during our visit. We were checked on twice during our visit. Overall, there isn't really anything special or unique about this visit, compared to our dining experiences at other Cheesecake Factory locations. Really the only reason you would want to come to Cheesecake Factory is for the cheesecake and their other desserts on the menu are pretty good as well.
5 Ordered a simple fried chicken sandwich and was told 10-15 mins...45 mins later I got my food and was only offered an apology...no explanation or some sort of concession for the inconvenience
1 Any business review includes the entire experience. In most cases, it starts with parking.Cheesecake Factory in MDR has a mandatory $7 parking...regardless of valet or self park....and regardless of a legitimate Handicap Placard. FYI..parking lot is part of Cheesecake's property.Cheesecake manager gave  me an extremely lame and uncaring response to the pricy charge.Cheesecake Factory is still today's version of a coffee shop. And to offer customers only a $7 charge....loses me as a customer.  BTW...I have been a customer since the first Cheesecake opened in Beverley Hills in 1978! Next time I have the option to eat at a Cheesecake Factory....or somewhere else....I choose somewhere else.
2 Worst Covid 19 dining experience that I've had so far which is extremely disappointing because I love Cheesecake Factory. However I loved nothing about my recent visit. Know I know and am totally fine with the provisions that have to be made due to Covid 19 but that should not mean that effective communication and great customer service should be sacraficed as well. If you're thinking of having dinner here be prepared to be told that the wait is only an hour 1/2 to 2 hours when its really 2 1/2 hours to 3 and theres quite a bit of attitude from the greeters if you dare ask how much longer you'll be waiting. Now I understand why it was suggested that I go to another Cheesecake Factory location. I will definitely listen next time.
5 A week and a half later after my disastrous Mother's Day pickup order...After contacting Cheesecake Factory regarding my missing order via 3 different methods--through their Guest Services website, their Twitter account, and replying to their Yelp message...I have not heard back. It's understandable that restaurants occasionally mess up an order. But it's inconceivable that Cheesecake's attitude is to ignore loyal customers, refuse to offer any kind of customer service (especially now of all times), and just hope they go away.
5 I'm super duper impressed that some of the Yelp Reviewers here actually received their orders on Mother's Day, cause I'm still waiting for the Mother's Day order I placed 36 hours ago--y'know the one that I waited two hours for. The one that your workers promised I'd get a text about but never did? The one that I called about 7 times, but couldn't get through on your phone lines?When I arrived, I waited two hours in an absolute mob scene--one mob for Doordash, and one mob for everyone else. I was in the 'everyone else' line, trying desperately to avoid a swarm of people. There were no lines, no markers telling people to stand 6 feet apart, no workers controlling the situation. Just workers randomly calling out names, and assuring everyone, "You will receive a text when your order is ready." The workers told us that the order pickup times on our confirmation emails were incorrect, but were unable give us any sense of what our wait time would be.Two hours later (yes, I'm embarrassed I waited that long, but my mom is the bee's knees), I finally bailed and went to another restaurant, where my order was ready within 15 minutes.I've been ordering takeout from restaurants several times a week since mid-March, and this was the only time I've felt stressed, unsafe, and possibly exposed to Covid as the result of people jammed so close together. I felt bad for the workers to be honest--management clearly dropped the ball.Cheesecake Factory, do let me know when my Mother's Day Brunch is ready, will ya?
5 Sit OUTSIDE, even when its cold its warm outside and you don't have to wait as long and you enjoy the view much better. One if my favorite places to go for special occasions. Been coming here for over 10 yrs and never had a complaint. Staff is friendly and knowledgeable. Since I do have some food allergies they make sure to let the cook know. This las time we were there we arrived at 8pm. There was a 30 min wait for outside seating and 1 hr foe inside seating. The only down part is that there's no reservations on weekends.
1 All I have to say is listen to the reviews...or only come to his place if you are going on a Monday morning when there is no one there to ensure you get the service you deserve. If I'm writing a review it's usually because IT WAS THAT BAD.
3 We usually don't do the big Corp restaurants, but this one was popping!! Super super crowded sat nite hour wait, so if you can make rez. We got lucky and two seats opened up at the bar. Good and service was excellent. Easy cheap parking right next door. Had fun! Like the food, like the prices!
3 My husband and I  drove about 50 mins to the cheesecake factory in marina del rey for Valentine's day dinner got there around 3pm and waiting time was 2 hrs,  which was fine it was busy,  we we're smelling the food passing by and were hungry,  I was even going to have a Cadillac margarita checked out the menu before ready to order when we were finally going to be seated.  They sat us in a corner with a great view outside but our outdoor heaters weren't working our busboy said he was going to find us another spot then our waiter came and we told him that the busboy was going to find us another spot so our waiter left.  We sat there sbout 15-20 mins and no one was no where to be seen.  I called the front desk asking for a manager his name was Mark. I explained everything and he apologized and said he was gonna take care of us. About another 10mins another manager was making the rounds asking everyone around us if all ok,  he finally came to us and I  explained what was happening so he moved us to a table behind us we said ok,  well it happened again waiting waiting another 10mins NO ONE AROUND,  so my husband had it,  we left,  paid our valay parking and I  decided to call the manager Mark again just to vent and tell him my worst experience at a restaurant for their customer service. I was so upset. I decided to write to corporate the great ordeal my husband and I  had,  and how it ruined my night out on Valentine's Day. Beware of the customer service at the cheescake factory in Marina Del Rey.
5 Fast and friendly service. Delicious food. Had the rib eye steak such a huge portion and amazing flavor. Their kids menu is very generous with their portion sizes so you will definitely have left overs! My daughters fave is the spaghetti and giant meatball. Beautiful views on the outdoor deck and gas heaters to keep u warm.
1 Im about to expose my vice to all of yelp. It's cheesecake. And The Cheesecake Factories extensive lineup of desserts keeps me coming in at least twice a week and monthly dental visits. The service isn't so hot and I'm not a fan of the valet only parking however all that pales in comparison when your seated and that menu is placed in front of you.You can choose something as simple as a classic or as wacky as The Celebration Cheesecake, which is layers of Cheesecake, Strawberry and Chocolate mousse and Vanilla cake.. Yeah go ahead and kiss those New Year resolutions goodbye. This time around, I ordered the Lemon Meringue. It's a Lemon Cheesecake with toasted marshmallows on top and a dollop of whipped cream topped with candied lemon zest. Enough Said. I know your mouth is watering so check out the photo below while you convince your partner to head down for a mid evening snacks. You will see me there with a window seat.
4 Iman was our server tonight ! He was such an amazing server! Very knowledgeable with the menu, checked back on us and was just an over all professional! Ask for him and you won't be disappointed. Keep up the great work Iman and thank you for an amazing experience!
4 Best Cheesecake Factory location!! I highly recommend getting their an hour earlier as it's always packed but super worth it. You get the bay view and once it gets dark outside the lights turn on in the patio. Took my mother here for her bday and got shrimp scampi and steak for her with the peach vodka drink. I got the lettuce chicken wrap and dynamite shrimp. The avocado egg rolls  are the best.Always get the bread in the beginning with their ranch dressing. Their ranch dressing has garlic- so so GOOOOOD!
4 i made reservations at 6pm, took an hour to get seated. what was the point in making the reservation
4 Where do I start?!  We came to Marina Del Rey with the sole purpose of hitting up the Factory for Happy Hour appetizers. We checked the website to make sure of the hours and no exclusions (4-6pm). Unfortunately, I waited 20 mins for seating within the restaurant itself. After being seated, the waitress came to take the order and informed us that we needed to be on the bar side for happy hour (my unfortunate mistake).  Fast forward 20 mins-      We waited nearly 20 mins to get a table within the bar for Happy hour specials. After the waiter comes, we are informed that there is no happy hour this weekend due to the Labor Day Holiday. Mind you, THERE IS NO MOTICE OF THIS ON THE WEBSITE, as well, we would have stayed at our previous table we waited for in the restaurant had we not been misinformed by our waitress. We are now receiving our appetizers without receiving even a bread basket or a water at this point. I am not only disappointed by the service, but more so by the lack of courtesy from management to inform the staff AND the website of the happy hour change. I will never plan a trip to the beach around a meal here ever again!
4 No one answering the phone but listed as open and the reservations button takes me to yelp with no way to confirm or complete reservation. Very frustrating set up.
2.5 it's fine. consistent & always busy at this location. i am NOT a fan of this location because of single use plastics for take away.   #beachbumshatesingleuseplastics
4 We came here for Father's Day. Yeah, may have been crazy on a busy day..but Mother's Day is worse! I had gone to the Fresno location a month before and fell in love with the chicken and waffles eggs benedict so knowing the Marina location near my childhood home in Venice was still there, I convinced everyone we HAD to go there! With 4of us wait was not bad. CF is usually busy, so I was not going to complain about a long wait. They told us 40 minutes..I think the wait was maybe 30. We sat outside and ordered a drink..didn't even get a sip in before they paged us.I ordered the chicken and waffles again. This was same as in Fresno. Nice crispy waffles, with crispy, tender boneless chicken pieces with poached egg on top. The maple butter was nice on the side. The crispy potatoes maybe twice fried..but they had a nice crisp crunchy texture. Usually side breakfast potatoes can be undercooked, chewy, overcooked, etc..these were nice!We ended with a shared slice of lemoncello cake that was nice and light. All in all a great meal sitting outside on a nice day overlooking the beach!
3.5 TERRIBLE COVID SERVICE!My husband and I decided to enjoy my birthday lunch at one of our favorite restaurants. Upon arrival they stated that a booth would be an additional 1-1.5 hour wait. We requested the quickest seating option. We were seated in 5 minutes at a half booth, we were surprised as their appeared to be plenty of booth tables that did not display the "social distancing" plaque. These tables were available. After ordering our appetizers and entrees, the booths that were free when we walked in we're now occupied. Those other tables who sat after us, ordered after us, received their food before us! We were in the restaurant for over an hour waiting for our food. We asked to speak with a manager, Angela. She was inconsiderate and gave us excuses as to why our food was late. She stated that the kitchen was backed up with online orders. No apologies. Nothing. We walked out shortly after. For a restaurant that we would frequently visit, I don't think we will return. Massive bummer.
3.5 Enormous menu, way too many options, you get bored with the menu, way too much reading and way too overwhelming. Service was rushed, they are way too busy to offer great service. Prices are a bit high for the quality that you get, don't expect great meats, best to stick to the basic dishes. You can tell the food is mass produced and while it is a bit better than some of your run of the mill chain restaurants, it's not a place I would chose to return to.
4 I come here all the time as a matter of fact this is one of my favorite restaurants. The service is usually great as well as the food but today the woman's bathroom is extra nasty. Yes today is Sunday, and it is busy, but so is every other Cheesecake Factory in America but there's no excuse for this unsanitary filth. The bathroom was nasty when I arrived, over a hour later on my way out the door I stopped back by the restroom and now the trash an is heaping over... Aren't they supposed to be checked every hour, at least? Aren't there people for this specifically? I hate to bust out one of my favorite place but this is unacceptable! I'm very disappointed Cheesecake Factory!
5 Food was good as well as the location. Service was pretty slow. Alcohol was also a bit pricey.
1 Only reason Im not giving this place a one is because I dont wanna be disrespectful and the food is actually pretty good. My ENTIRE problem with this place is the staff...Recently went here again after sharing another bad experience I had (see previous post). I swear to God I cannot remember the black waiter's name (something exotic and fruity sounding) but when I do I will update this post; HORRIBLE. First off for a Sunday wait was not bad. We were seated in like 10 mins...That was the shortest wait we had all evening.It took about 15 mins before we had ANY contact with any staff. A nice white gentleman (Jeff, I believe but not sure) came by, apologized and finally took our drink order. We also noticed 3 OTHER COUPLES who looked as irritated as we did being that were all seated after us and were still waiting. Didnt help either that "Jeff" mentioned that our server was working a double as if I cared or that was a logical excuse as to where our actual waiter was. First rule of business you are taught is to never say you are short-staffed, you dont know or you cant help. But here is where things just took a wrong turn:After 30 mins our original waiter STILL didnt show up! So "Jeff" finally took our order. Most restaurants, within 30 mins you could already sat, ordered and be halfway through a meal. When our waiter FINALLY came over, he spent at least 7 mins talking to all the other tables.Im sorry but this might get racial but im honest about my reviews so I tell it like it is..All the other couples were white lol true BUT I noticed the engagement was completely different once he came to our table. His exact words were, "Y'all need anything else". Now by this point im pissed and puzzled.....You finally come over after being gone over 30+ mins and not only do you NOt introduce yourself but you address us as if we did something to you?!Took everything inside of me not to grab this idiot and toss him into that nice lake from the view we had...He ended up only coming by once more. He even had his co-worker bring us the check...Talk about feeling discriminated by your own kind.I'll say this in closing: If this Cheesecake Factory does not take the time to address their staff they will eventually close. I guarantee it...
2 I'll keep this to the point: I have celebrated many birthdays here including regular outings...The other week I ate here, it wasn't the food...it wasn't the table, it wasn't the hostess, it wasn't the drinks...it was the waitress.After initially waiting just to take our order, then waiting longer than usual for the food, she bought the food out incorrectly after she repeated the ordered to us and simply stated "Yeah"..no apology for the inconvenience. As we were waiting yet AGAIN we noticed that she was refilling the other guests water/orders except for ours...several times.She then proceeded to bring out the correct order and briefly apologized but never checked on our table afterwards while talking with other guests for several minutes while we had to stand up and flag her down to finally pay the check after what was over a 1hr 1/2 dining "experience". I would not dare say don't eat here because this was one bad experience with one horrible waitress whose name I will reveal once I find my receipt because her service was so awful that I almost felt we were racially profiled and might need to go to corporate..This is too good of a business to have it ruined by someone who simply does not care about their job. Also I am disappointed that I see no personal  post reviews from someone in a social media department from Cheesecake Factory to address any concerns posted online especially being that the more recent reviews from 2016 seem to be more concerning that complimentary....
3 Every time we come here we say " I hope the service doesn't suck again" and guess what it does AGAIN... we love cheesecake my family and I but honestly I've noticed service is getting worse.. especially this location.. placing our order took forever servers are running around and can't keep up.. long story short.. cold food, Appitizers and entrees came out same time.. my food was 15 min late after everyone got theirs.. this is the last time I will go to this location.. oh best part manager didn't even care all he wanted to do is walk away. Wish there was a option to give 0 stars.
2 Awful service! I ordered 3 dishes and the waitress told me 25 minutes later that he didn't have 2 of them. Then, I ordered a dessert and he forgot it! The place is so dark and I asked another waitress for a candle or a light, but he never came back. I feel really disappointed because I always had a good experience in other facilities, but this one is terrible.
3 Ordered dinner and dessert last Saturday.  Waited for quite a long time after the estimated ready time on the website, and then when I got home I looked in the bag and the cheesecake was missing. I tried to relax about it and called the restaurant and they said I could get a refund.  A week later I checked my statement and there was no refund. The food was great but the service as usual is very disappointing.  I don't think I will go back, been disappointed too many times with the bad service (whether dining in or picking up).  Sad part is that I was going weekly to support them during the Covid crises.
1 I usually love Cheesecake Factory; however, this was a much different experience than I was use to. All the food was good, standard Cheesecake Factory food. However, the noise level was a bit much. It's so loud and crowded inside that it's hard to have a conversation. Also, the service was really bad. At one point we had two waiters, and our main one was rather inattentive. I don't like when waiters are always present, but this guy was never around!! Our first waiter was also very bad- my dad asked what they had on tap, and rather than listing beers, the waiter listed sodas. Overall, it's a cool location but the service, noise, and crowdedness made it probably the worst Cheesecake Factory I've been to.
5 Ordered food through DoorDash and had a horrible experience with both. Our food was over 30 minutes late and came cold. Disgusting! And the presentation was terrible. They didn't even put the requested bread and utensils in the bag.
4 I used to like coming here for the beach view regularly. However this morning I accidentally ordered my create your own omelette without mentioning I wanted it all egg white due to an allergy. After it was delivered they said no problem they will have it remade. Turns out it took 20 minutes to remake and I was charged for two omelets including the one I sent back that I didn't even get to keep. I could've given it to a family member since I paid for two ! Bad customer service especially for a corporate restaurant.
4 Attention!!! Worst Cheesecake Factory ever!!!Don't waste your time come here, there is no hospitality and service.
4 Generally this place is a great place to come on a Sunday afternoonUnfortunately not todayWe gave our orders for drinks (adult and kids). Adults got their drinks, kids drinks were still not out 15 min laterWe ordered food, one of the orders was not put inSo everyone ate and when the order came out it was the wrong oneSo disappointing
4 My friends and workshop attendants all love it - so we go there now and then, even though I am personally favoring more individual places. But when going to The Cheesecake Factory, we do the 30min ride (even though there are a few much closer to our home) and sit outside at the beautiful marina and enjoy the sunset.Good place, good food - a huge menu. So better than OK, but far off from a "must go to". But if you go, leave room for the carrot cake. That's a must - and one piece server four. Easy.
4 I chose to go to this location because of the view and also we were just leaving Venice Beach so it was closer. After waiting 2hrs to be seated  we had to ask for bread and butter when it's normally brought to the table shortly after you're seated along with water. My husband and I ordered calamari for an appetizer. When it arrived after 30 mins of ordering, it was cold and I called the manager for it to be sent back. It took another 30 mins for another plate. After almost an hour we were finally able to get the waiter to place our orders. I ordered a Cobb salad. When my salad arrived It looked ok and I proceeded to eat it. After almost finishing, I went to take a fork full and noticed a long black hair intertwined on my salad on my fork. I WAS LIVID!!!!! I asked AGAIN for a manager. She came over and seemed irritated with ME as I explained to her that this could not possibly be my hair because the hair in my salad was black or dark brown and my hair was clearly BLONDE!!! She then took the plate and took $20 off of the tab. After waiting so long and our entire evening being ruined with their being SO unprofessional we felt the meal should have at least been free or we should have received gift certificates. We won't be returning to this location again. We love the Cheesecake Factory and we have NEVER experienced such horrible service.
4 We came here for a late lunch, Saturday afternoon, no reservations. The hostess said it would be about a 45 minute wait, and we only waited about 30 minutes to be seated. There was room at the bar to sit down for a glass of wine. We ordered once we were seated, and the food was fresh and delicious. I give you lots of credit for being able to service guests during Covid, keeping us safe and still providing great service - thanks
4 Who doesn't love Cheesecake Factory? What I liked about this one in particular was the location though. Be prepared to valet when you arrive as there's no self-parking. However, it's priced reasonably at only $4.50. Went with a few girlfriends on a Saturday night and surprisingly got seated right away in the bar section. Our table was overlooking the water. Downfall was we came at night so we couldn't thoroughly enjoy the view. No biggie though, just gives us an excuse to come back for brunch! If you eat seafood I recommend the miso salmon. It was probably one of the best cooked salmon dishes I've ever tasted. Very juicy and not overcooked. The only reason I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 is because of the icky restrooms!
2.5 Very disappointing service once our food was delivered! No-one returned to give us water until we FLAGGED someone down! Then I had a very long BLACK hair in my food! Took us forever to get the manager. Extremely disappointed since it was my friends first time to a Cheesecake Factory. Needless, to say we won't be back during the rest of our vacation here in Marina Del Rey!
4 Beautiful location great service. We sat on the patio on Wednesday night. Everybody was so helpful and nice. Love the cheesecakes We did see a guest acting up for not wanting to wait for a patio table and demanding to get a table right away. She kept saying she had a reservation but didn't know at what time her reservation was. I felt bad for your 2 ladies at the desk and one of your managers that this lady was just been so rude to them and kept threatening to write a bad review.
3.5 I have been coming to the Cheesecake Factory since before drake! Took his girl there and she embarrassed him. I absolutely love there mixed drinks I love there food it is so good there cheese cake are so good they have many to choose from my favorite dishes of course fettuccine Alfredo and the Jamaican shrimp there pizza is even super delish!
3.5 We had dinner on August 3rd Tuesday. The wait was 2 hours. We called that day and we were told that the wait would be around 25 mins. at 7:30. The restaurant was not crowded at all and the dining room and patio were practically empty. So it's obvious that they are understaffed. The hostess ( Paige ) was so rude and arrogant. I was appalled that this establishment could have such unprofessional people employed there. The manager stepped up and finally helped us get seated, and all the frustration melted away when Victoria served us with enthusiasm, and efficiency. Thank you Victoria!! You are 5 Stars!!!
4 AVOID IF YOU CAN.  I ordered takeout this past Friday, and I ended up waiting for an hour in the overcrowded parking lot to get my order.  I think they were adjusting to their restaurant reopening, and couldn't handle all the takeout orders.The staff treat you like you are an inconvenience and on an assembly line.  There is absolutely no customer service and the curbside pickup staff member was really annoyed when I inquired about my order.I say NO THANK YOU.  I will take my business to another restaurant that doesn't expect you to wait for over an hour for curbside pickup.Also there is very little enforcement of face masks.  There were several customers who were not wearing face masks in the pickup area.  Obviously the staff are really overwhelmed, and can't be bothered with customer service and protecting the safety/health of their customers.
5 We came for family dinner while staying at Marina del Rey and had the best time. Our server Tim - was absolutely the nicest. The view of the beach is great. The food was delicious, santa fe salad fresh and flavorful, summer rolls crunchy and light, avocado rolls - one of the all-time favs, not the healthiest option but very nice. Tuna tartar - a small portion but very good. Loved it, especially the beach and the view of the marina. Great experience. We will definitely be back. It has something for everyone and its impossible not to enjoy in such a picturesque setting.
1 I came here with my daughter for dinner on a Friday night. The place was very nicely decorated and the host and waitress were both very polite. Our calamari was good, kind of a small portion but still tasty enough to let that slide. When our meal came I told my daughter to only eat half so we could leave room for dessert. I ordered the Chicken Madeira and ate mostly my mashed potatoes and had 2 bites of  my chicken (this is key info, trust me).We shared the Godiva Chocolate cheesecake and it was sooooooooo good and the Craig's Crazy Carrot Cake Cheesecake  to go.After a good meal with my favorite person we headed out with our to go bags at hand. The mandatory valet parking is $4.00 which I really wasn't too keen on.Once home I could hear the left overs calling me so I figured what the hell, I'm not one to argue with leftovers. As I went to cut into my chicken I came to the horrible discovery that my chicken was raw, yes it was RAW!!!! I could not believe it, I wanted to throw up! how could this happen? WTF?!!I immediately called the manager and explained to him what happened, he said he could not believe it as that dish was one of their signature dishes. I offered to send him a picture, but he said it was not necessary. I received a $20.00 gift card to cover the cost of the dish and an apology letter a few days after, but I am sad to say That I will only use it for cheesecake, i don't think I could eat their food again.If I were rating only the cheesecake I would give this place a five, but because of what happened with my chicken I cannot give it any more than a two rating.
5 Coming from Venice Boardwalk and making my way along the marina, this Cheesecake Factory location was the perfect stop along the way back home to WLA this afternoon!The super easy ($3.50) valet and immediate patio seating with a view of the marina and the beach was exactly what I was looking for to show off the weather and view of the area to an out-o-towner.  It totally felt like vacation to me sitting out there!Server Mark made me happy by letting me tweak the menu item I wanted:Guacamole & Chips ($9.95) - sans chips, with carrots and celery instead, made with no salt and no tomatoes.  Chunky, fresh, yummy, and just what I ordered!My friend took my advice about the awesome desserts and got:Godiva Chocolate Cheesecake ($7.75) - and of COURSE I tried it!  The crust was like brownie, and the AMAZING chocolatey cheesecake was TO DIE FOR.  Smothered with the fresh whipped cream that I love, this was really hard for this carb-avoider to resist.  Damn that was good!I'll remember to come back here even when I'm not with an out-o-towner.  It was just too lovely there to forget!
2 *** great spot to take kids, on a sunny day, at lunch ... ***i never realized it until today but there is a playgroundlocated adjacent to here, in the sandy beach, on themarina.  there's even table seating outdoors thatoverlooks this entire area ... the boy loved that ...swings, monkey bars and wading in sea water.the boy shared lunch w/ me then played for an hour.of course i ate my usual meal (below), then addeda scoop of ice cream, and a cup of joe ... $20 total.(an add'l $5 for valet)  oh, i'd call this a sweet deal.*** an hour to read a mag in peace, priceless! ***
1 *** hmm, this is my "go to" joint for meatloaf?!? ***100 items on the menu, but i always do meatloaf.i dunno why ... well, i do.  it's a consistent dish. ;pportions are HUGE, well seasoned, the mashedpotatoes firmly blended, the mixed veggies arefilled w/ a sweet corn that i really like, and oh ...a dark wheat bread is like sweet and yummy.and for dessert?my son begged me for cheescake so we tried the Godiva.i'm not a big fan of cheesecake, but i do LOVE chocolate.a slice of Godiva cheesecake is a lil pricey ~ around $9.but omfg, i think i just might ret'n only for this next time!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4l9_RcA1QcPAv4rSnEYDtg?select=Ynr9iDrk-CVAewdEknNxhw*** a mind-blowing Godiva that is so worth every penny. ***
4 Getting cheap by minutes! We leave in neighborhood and been coming here for many years. And it's getting bad and cheap by minutes! We order food to go including Ahi tuna tartare. When I open it at home I was shocked! The portion was the smallest I ever seen! Size of tablespoon! And it look like somebody ate it before and it's left over! 36 g ( about 1 oz ) of tuna for $9.95! Disgusting! Never again!
1 I'm a fan.  The menu is so big.  The dishes are big.  The cheesecake is making me big and I still love it.If you come to this Cheesecake Factory, you must sit outside by Mother's Beach.  I took my mom who doesn't really like most American restaurants here and even she liked it.  It is easy to find something delicious on the menu every time.  I like the beef ribs, a spicy cajun dish, and steak.  I didn't like the avocado wonton appetizer.Parking is $5 and the wait is too long.  If I didn't have to wait then I would give them 5 stars.
1 Went to the Cheesecake Factory w/ my boyfriend for a late date night after I got off work and it was sooo well worth it! This location is my favorite. I was so shocked that on a Thursday night it would be so busy and crowded but who can blame them, They're food and service is great. From the valet service to being seated in 15 mins. I ordered my favorite crab wantons, A Mai Tai and my boyf. ordered his signature Jack & coke. I ordered my favorite dish the shrimp with garlic noodles and he ordered this Jamaican dish.... I could not stop picking at his plate is was delicious! I was so full from eating his I took my food to go to enjoy it the next day at work! I recommend This location, Cheesecake Factory to anyone who loves food and great drinks! Any dish you want I promise they have it from burgers salads seafood you name it and they have wonderful prices!!!
1 This has been a place of choice for my family and I throughout the years, but it managed to disappoint me all around.First we were told it would be a 30-40 minute wait. After an hour we asked the host again if we could get an estimated time to get a table and she responded with a terrible attitude.Food wasn't terrible, but not worth the $100 we ended up paying. Mostly bland and tasteless. The highlight of our meal was the bread. Not worth the wait. We weren't even in the mood for desert. We told our waitress how horrible our experience had been and told us she would ask for the manager. The Manager didn't even have the guts to face us. The waitress told us there was nothing they could do. We have been coming here for years but I will never return. Too bad.
1 I especially like this Cheesecake Factory location in Marina del Rey because of the outdoor patio seating and the view of the water/boats. I came here late afternoon with a meetup group after we went kayaking. The menu is definitely extensive so it's hard to choose what to get. I ordered the avocado spring rolls and was happy with my selection. They were very filling and they came with a light mint chutney sauce. Great selection of drinks as well. We parked right by the marina. Pretty sure it was $2 an hour or maybe $1 an hour but the parking lot is just a block away from the restaurant. Definitely come here for a nice outdoor lunch, great views for sure! Oh and free bread for the win!!
1 Ridiculous. When I first got here I tried to call and place and order and no one picked up for 5 minutes. Then I went inside to place the order and the man gave me a quote time of 25-30 minutes. Proceeded to wait until 30 minutes and still nothing then 45 minutes later I check again, nothing, an hour later I checked again, nrh
1 I used to think if you've been to one Cheesecake Factory, you've been to them all. Not so with the "bistro" side of this location! Luckily, we were tipped off by the hostess, who told us there was a much shorter wait, if any, at their adjoining bistro. The bistro looks nothing like a Cheesecake Factory. It looks like you rented a private cabana by the sea and happened to have a huge craving for cheesecake. We were seated in a cozy corner spot, right next to a fire pit and with a great view of yachts in the harbor. Awesome date spot for a summer evening!We were in the mood for a "tapas"-style dinner, so we ordered a bunch of small plates to share: fried calamari, crabcake bites, crab & artichoke dip, and margherita flatbread pizza. The fried calamari were crispy but could definitely benefit from a nice marinara sauce instead of the cocktail sauce it came with. The crabcake bites were just as delicious as I remembered! (For whatever reason, I've always been fond of crabcakes at Cheesecake Factory.) The dip was a little greasy and salty... not my favorite. The margherita pizza was impressive. The basil was fresh and the flatbread was just the right balance of crispy and fluffy.Since we were at Cheesecake Factory and we inadvertently went on National Cheesecake Day no less, we had to get some cheesecake for dessert. Much to my dismay, they were out of Oreo, but the banana creme cheesecake was a wonderful substitute. MM went for the more classic strawberry topped cheesecake and I couldn't help but steal a bite.The service was great and the ambiance was unlike any chain restaurant I've ever dined at. For that, I'm definitely a fan!
4 One of the smallest CC Factorys that we have ever been to.  Top-notch service from the Valets to the Hostesses to the WaitStaff and Management,  Went on a busy Friday night around 6:30pm after UCLA graduation and waited around 20 minutes for a table for 5.  Not bad wait time!Seated and started immediately with drinks and appetizers.  Our Waitperson Emily was fantastic as she congratulated the Graduate and took our orders quickly.  She has a bubbly, energetic personality that suited this special occasion. Great job watching over us and decorating the Lemon Meringue Cheesecake (new flavor) at the end of our meal.There is no need to describe the menu as it is just BIG just like the portions.  We had 4 doggy bags since we could not finish after two appetizers, famous CC bread, and drinks.Great location at the end of a cove and great service..as expected from a chain where you can rely on the quality and service.
4 I came here to celebrate my birthday with my family last night and we were all pretty happy with our experience.The views from inside and outside the restaurant are spectacular, being right off the marina. However, we weren't pleased that parking was only valet and we were basically yanked out of our car by pushy valet staff. In my personal opinion, I believe valet parking should be more of a choice and not a MUST. But, I'll just let that go.We arrived at 5pm and were seated at about 5:20pm - so overall, not too long of a wait, especially for a Sunday night. Our waitress was extremely friendly but forgot about us when a party of twenty was seated next to us. Our waitress took our drink orders and didn't return until we needed boxes and a check. (Probably would've given five stars, if the service was a little better.)But aside from the service, the food was outstanding. Everyone loved their dishes - myself especially. I ordered the mushroom burger (and I know, Cheesecake Factory isn't normally where you would order a burger, but it was my birthday, so whatever) and it was DELICIOUS. I highly highly highly recommend it.Despite the average service, I would absolutely come here again.
4 I had a reservation and waited for 2 hours. After I get a text that my table is ready. When I came and was waiting in the line they said that they gave my table to other people and I need to wait another 30 minutes.  The staff and the manager were very rude and they were ignoring me. The manager name was Adriana and she was very unpolite. I hade a very bad experience and will never came back.
4 View is great and if you do not know what you want - have no fear , with a menu book thicker than a childrens book,  for sure you would be able to find something in the menu.  A bit disappointed with the food flavor but then when you are with a big group and the ambiance is great - it does make up for what is missing.  Corkage for wine is $10 but I think that food servers need to be a bit more attentive.  I will still go back to this place just because of the ambiance and I will keep trying to order different items on the menu and maybe one day get lucky with something that would blow my mind.
4 I read all the previous reviews and still decide to come to this location!   TERRIBLE SERVICE!    Had to ask for things multiple times and $12 for a bowl of lettuce is absurd!  The food is way over priced for the quality and the service!  I will never come back to this chain again!
2.5 Horrible experience. On a fathers day we went there and the experience we had was truly horrible. I made a reservation for 7 pm and we were there at 6:30, I approached the front desk people and told them about my appointment. They told me we are sorry, but all seats are taken and we cannot have you. What is that? then why was the reservation for? They served based on first come first serve and gave to importance that they actually have their guests with reservations coming. They refused to give us seats even though we had reservation. This was truly horrible and unprofessional. The staff were mean and with very bad attitude. Would not recommend it to anyone.
4 So far so good, great waiter, the valet service sucked he had an attitude. Bathroom is small but so is the restaurant. Awesome view of boats and water.
3.5 Who serves pad thai with regular wheat spaghetti noodles? A while back they served it with rice noodles, but I guess they made the change so they wouldn't have to make a separate pasta base -- with all the stuff on their menu it seems they can be overwhelmed at times.Having said that, I'm giving them 4 stars just for their sweet corn tamale cakes and miso salmon. YUM! These two items alone are worth the long wait and loud atmosphere.
3.5 This place has an awesome view of the Marina, the only thing I do not like is the forced valet and they don't let you pay first, so unless you have exact change - $3.50, you usually end up giving them a five dollar bill as a forced tip.  I don't mind valet if they actually take your car farther away but when you are perfectly capable of parking yourself, what's the point?Brown bread is always yummy, service with a smile. I also like that they have a "skinny" menu.Overall this is a pretty good Cheesecake Factory, minus the parking!
4 This place is the best with variety of foods and drinks. They treat you with respect and give you the best customer service. The food is so delicious and it comes out so fast and let's not get started with the dessert!
5 My  sister had her birthday dinner here and we enjoyed it very much.  The kids played in the sand with the swings and bars while we waited for our table to be set up.  Our view of the beach was so calming.  The heat lamp was on; so with the liquor and the heat, we were torched. Our dinners and drinks were absolutely  pleasant.One minor complaint, everything took forever... our drinks, our refills, our food, our bread and butter.  I was annoyed a one moment but I drank my vodka and chilled out.  It's a lovely place, I wouldn't mind coming back.  Make sure you get a table outside on the patio, worth your while.
3 For a place that sells precooked pasta and sauce that's split, their attitude says bougie. My partner and I just wanted a nice CASUAL lunch to celebrate California reopening and us getting our first round of the vax. Walking up, the greeter and the hostess were talking trash about the previous party. We stood there until they finished their conversation. Their tone was patronizing when we asked how long it would take for a table acting like bouncers at the club. To make it short service was terrible and attitudes were uninviting. Is it because you're next to the marina calm down there's people living in those boats. No shade to them but you're not Nobu in Malibu.
1 Same quality food you're used to at all the other Cheesecake Factory locations, but with a breathtaking view of the water.
1 The food was good as always. Took me forever to decide what I wanted because of all the options lol. Our server was okay. He seemed to be VERY overwhelmed with his section and was trying but was moving at a considerable slow pace. Our table and the 2 tables he was serving on both sides of us had the same complaint. As our tables were pretty close and we joined together in conversation and common compliant.
1 I absolutely love a girls afternoon lunch at the Cheesecake Factory in Marina Del Rey. Their lunch specials are awesome and the view is relaxing.However, part of the reason it's a favorite is the great attitude of the servers, but this past Saturday we had a bad experience with the bartender! I even had to speak to a manager. Ultimately, the situation left a bad taste in all of our mouths! I don't even know the outcome, the manager didn't follow-up with us. We paid the bill and left. I love the Cheesecake Factory Marina Del Rey but please don't slack on the customer service!!
2 I eat at this Cheesecake Factory like 3-5 times/ month. When I get carryout, my order is consistently wrong. Literally every time I order carryout, I have missing sides, food is prepared badly/ burnt, or something is prepared directly opposite of what I requested (e.g. extra onions, when I requested none). It's kinda a running joke I have with myself now. I order something and don't even check before I leave...partially because I think "there's no way they're gonna get it wrong AGAIN THIS time" and partially because I like to live on the wild side. The shit is always wrong. The food is always good though, and I never have a problem with my food when I dine in...so there's that.
1 This used to be  s the best location, very busy,  but half the restaurant was blocked off. Foods were delicious.  Taquitos were good the peach bellinis were good I also had the passion fruit cocktail drink I also had the breaded chicken with wine sauce with mashed potatoes and green beans that was all so delicious
1 I lived within view of this restaurant for 3 years and never went (not an accident).  It was only for a coworkers bday that I finally made the trip over here.   The beach side location is actually pretty nice... the food on the other hand is nothing special.. unless of course if it is judged on calorie counts.This diner did not appreciate the server jokingly trying to remove the nutritional guide I was using to help select my meal. Sorry... I don't want to eat a 1900 calorie lunch!  I actually had to get up and grab the guide back from another table.In the end I went for a burger... which was not bad... but also wasn't memorable in any way.  The sweet potato fries were not bad.  My coworkers got cheesecakes for deserts.. I skipped.
4 I hate that i am about to write this because I love the Cheesecake Factory and this is the one I normally go to! Late night date birthdays and just because. I went with a group of friends to celebrate my birthday. I understand that we where going to wait it was a part of 12. They told us 2 hours I was ok with that part host wasn't the nicest but I let it slide. Mind you I had call twice during the day to ask if they could see seat us together. They had yes both times. When it was our turn to seat us down they took us to the outside patio and where told we had to seat 6 in one table and 4 in the other. We asked two times if we could be accommodated to seating us all together. They didn't even try! We ended up seating 6 and 4. It took the waiter 20 min before coming to our table with bread and butter! He took the order of a table behind us who was seated after us! We ordered our drinks once he bought them he walked away with giving us straws when we asked him he ignored us! We wanted more bread so I said excuse my dear  and he gave me the finger like say wait! When he finally brought the straws he throw them in the table. In the table of 6 we ordered. One of the young ladies said she would have the same thing as another young lady! When the food came out we where one plate short! Waiter said i brought you a shareable plate. We where confused. He understood they where sharing!!!! 3 of the girls in my party told him and two other waiters to please make sure to please bring a cheesecake with happy birthday it was never brought. We finally spoke to a manger n he just decide to take a drink off the bill and give us a percent off one of the plates. Over all worst experience I have had at my favorite restaurant really disappointed that my friends and I had to go through this
1 I want to give them only 1 star, but the food we ordered was good and our server was very nice. The bad review was for the long wait we had to deal with when we were waiting for our table and our food. It was my sister-in-law's birthday so the whole family went out for dinner (Party of 11; 3 of them are kids). It was only a Wednesday night and yet we were told that it was a 1 hr wait for an outdoor patio table. Ok, 1 hr seemed long but doable so we waited. And waited... And waited. Then my husband said, "Oh wait. That couple leaving...Didn't we wait when they waited?" We then realized we waited for 2 friggin hrs! So we went inside just hungry and tired of waiting, and they claimed they still didn't have a table ready for us. Since we already invested so much time in waiting, we stayed but had to call the head manager. After we spoke to the manager all of a sudden a table was ready for us. But they were very apologetic to us and our waiter apologized to us profusely as well.The food also took awhile to arrive as well. We were a large party, however, the restaurant was emptying out since it was getting late. Aside from the long wait of waiting for out table and food, everything was great. Thankfully! The restaurant provided complimentary pie and cocktail for the birthday girl, cocktails were yummy (Mojito/Margarita), the food was great (shrimp pasta/mac n cheese burger), and our waiter was on point. I wish I had a better experience, but it still won't stop me again from dining here.
4 This was the first time that I've been to The Cheesecake Factory on the mainland.  I've been to the one in Hawaii a few times and have always felt overwhelmed by the menu.  It is huge! This time, I was craving carbonara the other night so my boyfriend suggested coming here because he loves The Cheesecake Factory.  The Marina del Rey location was the closest to my apartment.  Driving in, there is only valet, which costs $4.50 during dinner.  There seemed to be a lot of people outside, so we asked the valet if it was a busy night.  He told us not really and that the wait seemed to be only about 10 minutes, but when we walked inside the hostess told us about 30 minutes. x.x  We decided to wait because we had our mind set on pasta.  The hostess was not very friendly, which was kind of a turn off for my first impression of the restaurant.  Also, the bathroom was pretty dirty for such a pretty restaurant.  There was trash everywhere and the ground was wet.  It didn't seem like anyone came in to clean the restroom often.  We decided to wait at the bar and grab a few drinks at the bar before dinner.  He had a classic mojito and I had the pink lemonade cocktail, as suggested by the bartender. They were both delicious! Mind did not even taste like alcohol, but you could tell they were both strong.  We ended up getting seated in about 15 minutes so we had to take our drinks with us to the table. We sat outside on the patio and it was so beautiful! You are right on the water under a cascade of beautiful lights.  Since it's summer, the weather was perfect and we asked our server to lower the heat lamps above us.  The setting was perfect.  To start the meal, the freshly baked bread was hot and delicious.  The wheat and honey bread was fantastic.  We also had an order of calamari for our appetizer.  It was crispy and came with marinara sauce and some type of creamy sauce.  For our entrees, we ordered the chicken carbonara and the cajun jambalaya pasta.  They were both tasty.  The jambalaya pasta wasn't too spicy and came with both chicken and shrimp.  The carbonara was the perfect consistency; not too heavy.  To finish our meal, we ordered the Oreo Dream Extreme Cheesecake.  There were oreos baked in the cheesecake and it was layered with some type of fudge cake and some type of milky icing.  It was topped with a giant oreo cookie! I normally do not care for cheesecake, but this one had a good amount of chocolate to make me happy ^.^
4 Regina was wonderful!!! I'm giving this a 5 star rating because of her. She's what made this experience tolerable. We were under quoted on the wait. When our buzzer went off, we had to wait for another few minutes while the hostesses sifted through their stack of tickets and then our table wasn't set, so we had to wait while the hostess set our table. Overall, I think they could improve with the host/ FOH area. Another kind server, David, ran us over some bread, even though we were not in his section and I appreciate that so much. Once again- Regina and David were so helpful!!! Thank you!!!!
4 This review is for the service and how we were treated at our visit. We love to go here and always did it at special occasions with my friend that was visiting town. So after not have being here for about a year we decided to have one last night out here before she returned home from her vacation. We were a party of 7 and already when ordering a table the girl looking for a table was being rude in her attitude. It was a Tuesday night around 8.30 and not too crowded. The service was NOT in any ways okay. We ordered simple drinks, water, wine and beer. Nothing hard or time consuming. The 3 waters came out, we waited. Appetizers came out before ANY drinks at all and we probably waited 20-30 minutes for a lemonade, 2 wine and 1 beer. Oh and yes they forgot the coke zero. The red wine was too warm assuming they had just ignored carrying out the drinks in time.We didn't get any of the dark breads and when we asked the waiter said "no they hferklgmösgmnls" and he left. No one could hear or understand what he said and he didn't even care about the fact that we had waited probably 40 minutes for the bread at all. I don't eat the white bread because I don't like it and we were never bought any dark bread even after asking. So, I was STARVING, annoyed by the fact that the service had been so bad and just cranky. Oh food finally, we thought. we got 3 of the meals and waited politely for everyone to get their meals. You would think they would bring out everything at the same time right? Nope! Same as the drinks something came, something had to be waited for, and of course.... One meal had been screwed up so she got a small bowl of veggies but not her tacos and had to wait for her food even longer while everyone else had gotten their foods. Yes, desert time. Not everyone could order cheesecake so we need up only ordering 3 of them. Waited another 20 minutes for 3 cheesecakes to be boxed up and the check. Did i mention that not once did any of the 3 waiters approaching our table ask if we were okay, apologizing for all the mistakes and waits we had experienced and all they said was "Thank you for understanding and being patient." NO we did not understand WHAT was taking so long and no we were NOT patient we were all hungry and cranky. Will probably NOT go back here again, at least not to the Marina location.
4 I love this spot! My family and I come here often. Service is always great! We love the patio. Lots of umbrellas, patio lighting, a great view of the Marina & beach. As always Cheesecake does not fail with the menu! Overall, I highly recommend. TIP: the only offer valet parking so a little cash for tip is recommended. They do validate parking. Also, it gets busy! Esp during summer. So you may prepare for a little wait. (I find myself at the bar of needed:) or a walk on the beach...the view is amazing!
4 We have not dined at any restaurants since covid.  After a morning hike my husband surprised us with brunch at The Cheesecake Factory Marina del Rey.  We were immediately seated and the table was so dirty!  We took a tissue and lightly wiped the table and the tissue was covered in black grime!!  We had to ask for a busser to wipe down the table....his cloth was black with all the reside and grime from our table!  My husband was reluctant to stay but we did stay.  The server was asked over and over to bring us water...after the 3rd request the water finally came.  all our request were not noted, food prep requested were ignored the flavors were all off and not what we expected from this food chain. We sent my food back and the manager came to the table and he proceeded to educate me on how poached eggs are prepared....I seriously didn't need a cooking lesson I just needed the food set back and my order to be prepare as I ordered.  He replaced the meal with something different but we were not satisfied.   Everyone was completely done before my simple waffle came to the table.   Every time we needed something our server was M.I.A.  We were disappointed because in our experience The Cheesecake Factory has always delivered SLAM DUNK service, food taste, cleanliness and managerial presence.  This will be the last time we dine at this location.  Extremely disappointed!
2.5 Don't do valet parking inside. Food and service is ok, but the valet guys are awful. I already told them my car was on E-brake, he said he knew then started throttle without releasing my E-brake, you dumb ass, and they treated my and my mates' cars so rude during parking our cars. Jesus, please fire these rude people or I would never go to Cheesecake Factory in Marina Del Rey. They will ruin all the efforts that other staff building inside this restaurant.
4 This is the first time I came to this location.  I got the breakfast and didn't realize the portions were so big.  It tasted good.  The breakfast potatoes are not scalloped like the waitress said, they were fried and they were regular breakfast potatoes.  The outdoor seating is 3 levels and narrow so the view is not spectacular.  The outdoor architecture of the space is poorly designed and doesn't maximize the beach front view sadly.  The heaters outdoors seemed to have no middle temperature.  It's either too hot or not enough heat.  I only go to Cheesecake Factory once a year ish as it tries to cater to everyone that it caters to no one and  I'm not much of sweet tooth.  I would come back since it's a pretty consistent experience since it's a chain and it's pretty good, if I got a really nice seat at this location I'd be much happier.
3.5 We had 12 people in our group.  We walked from the Marriott.  It's about a 3-4 minute walk.  We were seated right away but on two separate tables hence the three stars.  The service was great.  I had the grilled artichoke, house salad and chicken Madeira.  Everything was delicious. I would give the food 4 stars.  The have a great patio facing the marina.  There is a beach just on the other side of the patio.  They have valet parking but during the week you can find parking.
3.5 Had lunch here. Enjoyed the not so healthy Cajun Chicken Littles with fries instead of the mashed potatoes that come with the dish. Thankful that the chicken was moist. Jeffrey was our waiter. He did a good job. We always appreciate our drink refills without having to ask.
4 I've been going to the cheesecake factory in the marina since it opened I'm 70 years old and lived in the Marina when I was a kid. Their food is always first rate.  there's nothing that I don't like about the food.Today can February 27, 2022 we went there at 4:00pm because I was able to get a reservation for my daughter's birthday. From the moment we walked in it was busy as usual because the food is really good. However, the first young lady wit short brown hair was so rude no smile no welcome no class just "will text you when your reservation comes up" and she couldn't even say that nicely. While standing waiting we were leaning against a table at the bar out-of-the-way as the lobby was very crowded. Another young lady very small with light brown hair and round glasses was so rude to us and everybody else that she walked by, I was shocked. Then there was a two ladies, one with a walker, the girl that was seating them was also rude to them! I was shocked. What kind of people are you hiring there it really does not make for a fun experience. I'm going to warn all my friends and family to expect really, really horrible young people to greet you. Going there makes you want to walk out. It's spoils your whole evening. You should hire people that respect your clients because they can always go someplace else and be treated with respect.
5 Of all the locations ive been to this is the one ive frequent the most. I like this location. Ive never had to wait to long to be seated. Outside seating next to the water is so beautiful. Seating inside is so romantically dimly lit. I order the samething every visit, Spicy Jamacian Shrimp & a slice of red velvet cheesecake. They're both soooo delicious!
1 Although I don't like how particularly tight the space is at this location .... my Server Ian was the most wonderful host! I came in here to dine alone recently during a holiday and although it was crazy busy, he made me feel like a VIP. As did this manager Ian. Those are the feelings that make you come back to an establishment and I can say confidently that I will continue to do so!
1 I called in to make a reservation on a Saturday (gave the date of the party) I was informed to call back. They only make reservations two weeks in advance. When I called back to make the reservation. They informed me that they do not take reservations on the weekend. I was told to come in 2-3 hours before the event and put my name on the list. Clearly some miscommunication with their staff members and the managers who both had contradictory statements.
1 This is my favorite Cheesecake Factory! I also like the Redondo Beach location, but the Marina Del Rey location is by far better location. It's best to go here on a warm summer night and sit in the outdoor patio area. it feels like you are on vacation! I'm a fan of their mini menu that they serve for the outdoor seating because most everything on the menu is a "small bite" This is a must see location if you are a Cheesecake Factory fan. I've always received great service here.  PRO's- Location - Food- StaffCON's - Valet parking- Wait time
1 Arrived on a Sunday night and waited about 10 minutes to be seated.Our server, Cory M., was fast and super nice. I got the chairbroiled steak with fries and it was delicious. For desert we split a slice of godiva chocolate cake and the raspberry cheesecake. Both were great, especially the raspberry cheesecake. The crust had cookies or chocolates inside. Divine!The only thing that didn't please me (or made any sense) was that the waiter included his 18% gratuity in the bill when there were only five of us. On the menu I read that they included the gratuity only for parties of 6 or more. Valet parking was $4,50.
2 I dislike chain restaurants, but Cheesecake Factory really impressed me.We got 2 pizzas to go plus dessert. I was expecting a plain pizza but I LOVED the goat cheese pizza. Even the mozzarella pizza was good.All desserts were made of Godiva's chocolate. I don't eat peanuts, so I tried the one with whipped cream, and damn, I was in heaven.Valet parking only at this place, but they allow you to park for 10 minutes for pick up.
1 Omg I am at the Marina Del Rey location as I type this and today was the absolute worst service I have seen from this location. I have been coming to this location for years but after todays I do not think I will be back after the lackluster performance given by the server and excuses given by the manager on duty Mark. He gave an apology but it came with a but and an excuse as to why my server whom I don't know their name because they never introduced themselves to the table, may have forgotten simple things as introducing yourself, checking on your guest, these are not above average requests... these are supposed to be standard in the dining industry. But yet we failed to receive that simple hospitality that the Cheesecake Factory is known for. I was totally appalled at the service received today .... did I forget to mention after bringing the food before she even asked was my food ok she came back and asked did I want a box for my food .... like uh no I don't I'm not done eating you barely bought the plate over to me five minutes ago after this is the second thing I ordered because the first item ordered was not prepared properly, so you would think the server would ask how am I enjoying the food. Nope all I got was do you want a box. Crazy didn't ask did I want desert just or nothing was just ready to put us out the door. I now know her name is Kellie R only because of the name printed on the bill. Worst customer service experience ever from the Cheesecake Factory Marina Del Rey SignedA disappointed guest
1 Dynamite shrimp is terrible , super mushy and fishy ! Tried to get a refund and to my surprise the manager said it's no refunds regardless if the food isn't cooked right , her name is Adriana she's very rude and unaccommodating . We ordered the fettuccine it was horrible and watery with absolutely no flavor, even the bread was cold and hard . Cheesecake Factory has definitely regressed over the years . WONT BE BACK
1 Worst cheesecake location! I'm not sure if it's bc I'm black or their incompetent. They have messed up my order which consisted of two items on several occasions then the managers charges me twice for the same item: didn't get her name but she's a heavy set Mexican woman. She is not concerned about customers. I work in the restaurant industry and it's all about order accuracy.
1 I took a friend to the airport on tues the 19th and we wanted to have some lunch beforehand. We decided to go to the Cheesecake Factory in M.D.R. I will NEVER GO BACK!!! The moment we arrived I got a bad feeling. We went in and no lie stood at an empty host stand for about 10 minutes.  We were in a hurry because we had to get to the airport so we almost left when finally someone came up and said there would be someone with us shortly?!? A couple minutes later a girl comes in the front door with a backpack and immediately asks us how many in our party? She told me it would be about 15-20 min wait for a table when there were empty tables everywhere.  Clearly not staffed properly! I told her that we didn't have time and she said if there was space at the bar it was first come first serve, but only the bar counter not the high tops like every other cheesecake I've ever been to? Luckily we got a seat and ordered. I ordered a well mannered martini and a chicken avocado club sandwich no Swiss sub Jack cheese. First my martini came and it was not good.  I've never had a bad Well Mannered Martini from the Factory but this one was my first. The bartender did fix it but still something was odd. My glass was only half full and major ice chips in the drink. Oh well guess I'm picky when it comes to my drinks and maybe inflation has caused them to shrink the amount of the cocktails?  At least this is what I was telling myself. Next my sandwich came and it was ice cold. Fries ice cold. And I bit into my sandwich and it fell apart, usually a nice warm melted piece of cheese is the glue that holds this sandwich together.  Well I guess the bartender didn't sub my Jack for Swiss?  Just deleted it completely.  I sat and debated if I should say anything but the bartender was too busy at the other end making drinks for the servers to notice I was unhappy with my food.  A women walked by who I presumed was management and I asked her about my food. She made me feel like I was the crazy one and told me point blank that they don't have Jack cheese???? Um what have I been getting all these years then?  I told her I didn't have time to wait for another sandwich because we had to get to the airport and she said, "well do you want me to bring you a piece of cheese?"  Um no I don't want your cold food and cold cheese for a hot sandwich!!!!! I just told her to please take it away and off my bill which she did. This was not the first time I've had a bad experience at this location and I will never come back.  Actually not sure I want to dine at any location anymore.  Just feel the love and quality that this place once had obviously has died with the matriarch of the company.  Really too bad.
1 The food is amazing. Needs more variety and perhaps an overhaul in some categories. I very much like sitting outside I feel like this location along with the one near redondo are the best because of the views. What I dont like about this location? The valet service is a ripoff. I can park my own car and frankly get it out on my own. The valet service failed in so many ways on my visit here. The wait is also a factor that seemed to turn away people. Its long and the waiting area is very cramped. The decor is nice. Service by the staff is great and friendly. Food was quick and very delicious.
4 Never again ! I gave them another chance , their food is just disgusting now ! Burnt broccoli, greasy calamari, slow service & the manager didn't care either
4 They are making all this money and yet their charging people for parking Shame on them
4 Great ambiance, quality is consistent with other cheesecake factories. The spinach & cheese dip is my favorite!
4 I have been here several times before and the service was okay but this visit in particular was the absolute WORST EXPERIENCE of all time. The waitress LEAH was very inattentive to us. Took about 35 minutes just to receive bread. When we received our food it wasn't even hot. I understand that weekends are crowded but at least act like you care about the customers needs. Also the restrooms are too small and not clean for such a large restaurant. Just ridiculous! I will no longer come to this location. If I could give it zero stars I would!
4 Happy National Cheesecake Day!!So 5/5 because it was seriously a fantastic meal all around.We got there around 8pm on Thursday Evening and were immediately seated (even though there was quite a crowd, and we were only a party of 2) Within seconds of being seated our waiter came to take our drink orders. We got a Pomegranate Mojito, and a Long Island Ice Tea (top shelf only $1 more). We also got a plate of bread to hold us over until we decided on what to eat.After much thought and consideration (from the gigantic menu) I went with the BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich with fries and coleslaw, which i had Mashed Potatoes substituted in for (which were just the way i love it, chunky with skins, and red potatoes), and she got Chicken Avocado Club Sandwich. The bbq pulled pork was perfect, tender and thick and the bbq sauce was good. The chicken avocado was HUGE and very tasty. We initially only came for the half price cheesecake so we only ate half our meals and boxed the rest to go.Next came the cheesecake... ohhh the cheesecake... the best part of any meal! We planned on getting 4 slices but unfortunately were only allowed to get 1 per person (sad face). We got the Red Velvet Cheesecake and the Andy's Peanut Butter Cup Fudge Ripple. The Red Velvet came with slices of red velvet cake between their original cheesecake and cream cheese frosting with white chocolate shavings on the edge. Delicious. The Peanut Butter cheesecake was an orgasm in my mouth. Original Cheesecake swirled with caramel and peanut butter, with pieces of butterfinger and reeses peanut butter cups in layers and peanut butter frosting on top. Orgasmic indeed. Both came with a side of Whipped Cream as well.Our food was out within minutes of us ordering, the cheesecake shortly after, our waiter was very nice and checked up on us often to make sure we were pleased and was very quick with boxing our left overs. Total meal came to just under $60.Overall the only downfall to the entire meal was that Valet Parking was mandatory and that we could only get 1 piece of cheesecake per person, but the experience and food was so good that it doesn't affect our 5/5 star decision.A wonderful evening.
2.5 Love coming here and dining at Patio it is so peaceful and relaxing just what the doctor ordered food and service is amazing like expected from Cheesecake Factory. John greeted us Like a VIP and Brian served us like we were guests at his home
4 For a place called the cheesecake factory a person would expect some kind of moderately factory esc precision in the timely delivery of cheesecake goodness to mouths.we ordered cheesecake to go, paid and got our drinks. We then proceeded to wait by the to go counter for at least 20 minutes for 2 slices of cheesecake to be placed in plastic containers. This gave me time to observe the operation and why it is going wrong and become rather unimpressed. There was a single person slicing and plating all of the orders in a busy restaurant that specialises in cheesecake. This poor fellow had to do each order and traverse behind a long counter for no apparent reason walking around the other staff in this narrow space to set the orders  in place for the servers. We even saw him have to leave and go to a store room for supplies. Has someone running this place with an analytical mind has ever stood in this operation and watched what was going on?Maybe it would not be an insane idea to make this big enough for the staff to work and have more people there so the customers could get their food? Its just hard to watch.We were here sitting down once before for cheesecake and the wait was bad then too.The good: nice patio and pretty building. Cheesecake is good if over sweetened.The bad: Inadequate washroom facilities. Valet only parking.The ugly: You will wait a loong time for no apparent reason.
3.5 My family and I had a lunch here, and were disappointed with the order confusion, very loud environment, malfunctioning  stall in women's restroom. And over cooked pasta. Cheesecake restaurants used to be consistently good, unfortunately it's going downhill
3.5 I have been coming to this Cheesecake Factory for over 30 years. Today we had thee nicest server named Samuel ! It's always a nice feeling when someone is just kind and friendly without trying makes your dining experience all the better! If you go to Cheesecake in Marina sit or ask sit his area! Go Samuel #greatcustomerservice
4 I was their repeat  costumer but last night was the last time I would spend any money to get any service from them. Hopefully someone in charge will read this review and hire people that they are gonna care for their clients.Called in to make a reservation and they told me to make it over the yelp. They don't do it over the phone anymore . After doing that we called in again to make sure we have everything set up .they confirmed and told us to just come in . Im not local and I drove 40 miles to get there so I can enjoy the food and the service. Once we got there people in front saying we did the last call and we cant let you in sorry . It was 9 o'clock and they close at 10 & they didn't let us to get in . ( I confirmed with people over the phone and told me even if you are a walk in we can let you in don't be worried.)Dear managers, please hire host that will take care of the people and your Busines. This is not execrable. I was one the people that sported you guys during the pandemic. Hopefully you guys haven't forgot those days.
1 Kha was really incredible. I had a guest that was asking a lot of him. Milk in sippy cups. The whole nine yards. Was impressed with this server. Thank you Kha!
2 Cheesecake Factory food is always g r E a t.As for this location, seemed smaller then the ones I'm familiar with but it was good. I wouldn't say anything about this one particular 'wowed' me, but good.Only thing I wasn't a big fan of is the outside seating is so close together. I was here with my gf and felt like I was double dating with the strangers next to us because it is such tight close quarters.
2 I was a bit skeptical after reading the reviews. I came to celebrate my love's bday and definitely wanted it to be nice. I must say, it was great! Parking literally next door was $2...the wait was 20-25 min (came in on a Wednesday about 8). Luckily, we found a booth at the bar (so we sat down right away), the waitress was polite and very attentive. We received warm bread immediately and our drinks came shortly after . We ordered the egg roll sampler..very good. Dinner was a rib eye for him and I had the steak and shrimp. Delicious! Still deciding on dessert, so many options! While he chooses, I will enjoy the view. It is quiet nice...glad it turned out great.
4 Currently waiting for 1hour and 45 mins to sit down for my lil sister birthday. Not only did they get the number of people wrong. They tried to sit us across the patio from each other were we barely have a view of the other table. The host told us to go back in the front and wait again. I ask to speak to the manager who apparently walked by and saw the confusion but choose not to help ( I found this out as he returned). He didn't have a better solution  so we came up with one for him since 3 other tables looked closed to leaving. Other than that we are still currently waiting. No apology or anything. If it wasn't for it being my sisters birthday we would leave. Don't recommend for families. Super unprofessional and rude. Working for the restaurant industry this makes me super disappointed as a fellow server and hostess. Will update after dinner, hopefully it won't be passed 2 hours before we sit.
5 My family of 3 went on Mother's Day for an early dinner (5pm).   There was immediate seating on the lower level, which should have been our first clue.   We elected to sit there and were told about the numerous items on the kids' menu that would not be available.    Ok, we were willing to work with that.  We ask that they immediately start a quesadilla for our 6 year old and ask for a few minutes to consider our grown-up order.   We peruse the condensed menu and hubby wants salmon, which is on the condensed menu.  We build appetizers and my dish around his anticipated salmon dish.  Waiter comes back and tells us they are out of salmon.    Why wasn't this told to us with all of the other warnings about what they couldn't serve to us (spaghetti with meatballs, chicken fingers, corn dogs) when we were seated?     We readjust and now we decide to get the Thai lettuce wraps and pot stickers (which are also on the condensed menu).     15 minutes later, after our lettuce wrap order has been entered, we are told that they can't accommodate pot stickers downstairs.   Seriously??????  How did you not know this when we ordered?   We're told the lettuce wraps will be out any minute.   About 10 minutes later, the lettuce wraps come out and the chicken is literally COLD and completely dry.   This is a dish we've had dozens of times and it was never like this.   Just bad.   To make it worse, my son's plan cheese quesadilla STILL hasn't been brought out more than 30 minutes from when we ordered it.  They apologized but what good does that do at that point?   Not so much as an offer of a minor discount or accommodation for one error after another.I expected service to be  slower than usual on Mother's Day.   But I never expected this level of bad.   I would have been better off at McDonald's for my mother's day dinner!
5 I was so excited to go to the factory for my 40 th birthday. Not my first time. I have been going to this location for 20 years. I ordered take out do to me not feeling like dining in. Which took a hour. So I order Jambalaya with rice. Which now they charge extra for rice. Then I order zucchini appetizer and red velvet cheesecake. Well the jambalaya had pasta, the zucchini was hard and barely edible! So my husband took it back. They scooped the 5 shrimp and. 5 pieces of chicken of the pasta and put it on a bed of rice really! My husband took it back again. Manager gave refund for jambalaya and piece of cheesecake for free. I felt like more effort should be put into food being excellent. I appreciate the refund but eould have loved to have my meal! This will be my last time at this location! Reason for two stars is chessecake is fabulous!
1 Always love fo I g here but it loses a star because they are always so busy and service is not as good as you would want it to be, but the location is great!
1 After waiting an hour to be seated we ordered appetizers and drinks . After about 40 min another server came out and said our server had gone on break and they wanted to know what we ordered. We reordered our appetizers and informed them that no one had taken our entree order. Another 20 min and our 2 appetizers appeared . We started eating and realized one was wrong. We notified a server who immediately took away the wrong food instead of just letting us eat it while the correct one was made . An hour and a half later our entrees showed up. Our second server said she notified management but no one came to apologize or offer a complimentary dessert or anything. Worst experience
5 This place is crowded, but so are other Cheesecake Factory locations so who cares?  When you go, you're in for it right?I think this place is actually the nicest location when it comes to the view.  It's actually pretty.  Since when was Cheesecake Factory pretty?   GO IN THE SUMMERTIMEDONT GO IN THE WINTERThat way you'll be happy and excited to get seated outside.
1 This Cheesecake Factory is located in Marina Del Rey by the Catch Club.  Whether you sit inside or outside, it's always a great experience.  In the summer, we always sit outside since it overlooks the water.  The staff are professional and friendly. The food keeps up the great standards of Cheesecake Factory.  From the drinks to the meals to the deserts, they are all excellent!Been here so much that I've had everything on the menu over time and everything is excellent.Now you wonder why I gave it 4 stars....They don't allow you to park your own car (forced validation) and since there is no parking around, you have no other choice.The bathroom only has too stalls and it's not clean (always a line).It's a great place for dates and families.
1 Went to this location 2 nights in a row :)Of course we sat outside as I have mentioned before Thomas Jefferson ALWAYS prefers to sit outside... no matter that his Pammy is FREEZIN HER ARSE OFF!! (mumbling to self must be that Swedish blood of his =/So as I was saying we went on Monday night had a rather nice dinner our standard Chicken thai Lettuce Wraps which are always the BOMB those 3 sauces are yummy. I had a Irish Nut (humph! trying to warm my brown arse up!) Thomas Jefferson had a wonderful concoction called "The Blackjack" as TJ nickname is "Midnight" we thought this apro pos :) it was good.This place is about 200 yards away from the front door of the Marina Del Rey Marriott so if you stay at the hotel and do not wish to partake of the hotell restaurant seek what is tried and true. Nice view of the Marina and they have plenty of heaters outside. On the second night the service SUCKED! I ordered the Wild Mushroom soup which was okay and TJ got the Eggplant Sandwich which turned out to be delicious but BLOODY HELL we waited for (what felt like) a half an hour outside in the misting dew while I counted no more than 10 tables occupied in the whole restaurant. Okay and why was there like 20 servers on that night.... it was late after 9:00pm hmmm something that my food & beverage manager/mind wonders about from time to time. Anyhoo when our server returned to us we just told her to wrap it up and we'd take it home... no need to continue to freeze AND be hungry LOLps. The manager did come over to see explain that the Eggplant takes longer to grill as it is freshly cut and made (sigh) you know as a former food server I can honestly say I was more on the side of TMI for my guests because it would probably effect my tip otherwise... Respectfully Reviewed
4 I cant believe I have only been here once!  Although it has the name of the Cheesecake Factory and it might give the impression of being desert heavy, it has one of the largest most diverse menus I have ever seen!  The freaking menu was humongous!  I ordered a Cajun pasta and it was wonderful!  It goes without saying that with the cheesecake was outstanding as well. The location was also very nice being right on the marina del rey harbor.
4 I enjoy how Cheesecake Factory is a kid friendly restaurant. This location always seems so busy - at least a 30+ minute wait every time. And the lobby and outside waiting area are packed full of people. However there is a playground steps away that kids can play on to help pass the time. Note: it's on the sandy beach. Once inside, our server was very friendly and service was good. The kids' menu portion sizes are huge.
4 F*** this place. Unpleasant experience there tonight. Wish I could get my money back just for dealing with that mess of a restaurant.
4 !!!!!!!!!!please read before choosing this restaurant!!!!!!!!!i chose this restaurant for dinner with my family yesterday  5/15/20216:30pm.wait time was 1hr30min-2hrs!!!!!!very poor customer service.managment was not proffesional and very rude to all patiently waiting customers. needs to be retrained or possibly let go!!did not get managers name but she was hispanic.to go orders were flying out the kitchen, which could have been the such long wait time.waited 1hr30min then checked status and they told me i have 30min still before they call me which was rediculous i walked out,never had to wait at a restaurant this long ever and if so they usualy call me to my table way before there wait time stated.this location needs employees and managemnt re training.
4 Sade is the best! It's our first time here but Sade made it an awesome experience!!  And that's considering that we were stuck behind an asshole who loves the sound of his own voice- he's not only loud but has managed to voice his opinion on every controversial topic in the media without ever letting anyone else in his party speak.Despite that obnoxious, egotistical man...Sade got the overall experience 5 stars.
2.5 Changing my review. Management over exert hostile work environment. Staff looks miserable. I used to come here with a happy staff and now the same staff I'd be greeted nicely by give an extremely rushed customer service performance. Why are the servers yelling at the hosts/hostess? Why is the manager Martha yelling at the staff?? I'm definitely not coming here anymore. This is ridiculous
4 Changing my review. Management over exert hostile work environment. Staff looks miserable. I used to come here with a happy staff and now the same staff I'd be greeted nicely by give an extremely rushed customer service performance. Why are the servers yelling at the hosts/hostess? Why is the manager Mark yelling at the staff?? I'm definitely not coming here anymore. This is ridiculous. They looked over worked and understaffed.
3.5 I always have great service whenever I come to this location! It's phenomenal how the entire staff is always so perky and work well hand and hand together! The food always comes out great and the servers were always so friendly! I look forward to seeing my favorite cheesecake people, especially Evelyn! Her smile always makes me wanna smile! This is a great place to come for amazing service!
3.5 Amazing food !!! Great ambient and good waiters! I can go there a several times. If you don't eat a lot you can share a pasta with someone because the plate is huge for one person or you can get a box and take home
4 I went there on July 4th to have dinner before the fireworks and right when I ask for a table they say you have a 1.5 hour limit which to me is rude and unprofessional. I didn't end up staying that long anyways. The waiter and service was great and food is always good and comes in big portions just like every cheesecake. Parking was 20 dollars on July 4th and you don't get validation. Nice to go there on a regular day I don't recommend to go there on any holiday. Overall a good experience and a decent place.
5 Best Cheesecake Factory I've been too it has an amazing view and the food is always good
1 After waiting two hours to be seated, our server Ian M was extremely rude and incompetent. He misheard everything we were saying, probably because he was talking over us the entire time while we were ordering; he seemed to be rushing us the entire time to order and to eat; he brought us drinks we never asked for that were probably for another table and insisted we ordered them; and was generally just extremely rude and unfriendly. We usually have a pleasant experience at Cheesecake Factory which is why we were okay with the long wait time, but this server Ian M was just rude so we'll probably not come back here in the near future.
1 Went for my birthday about 2 days ago . I loved the fact that it has outdoor seating and you have a pretty beach view , but they should maybe space out the tables a little more it was so crowded ! Our waitress was really nice but it seemed she was handling too many tables and didn't check back with us to see if we needed anything . We ordered our burgers and they were brought out without fries . We were told they'd be out soon , they never came . We were practically done so I asked about our fries and she was kinda confused ... Lol A manager came to talk to us and offered us  two free slices of cheesecake ( plus our missing fries to-go ) for the inconvenience . It was a sweet gesture and I was surprised that they actually came to apologize . I mean it was my birthday , and If I'm paying for $15 burger I need my fries ! Lol I guess I will be returning :)!
5 Went for my birthday about 2 days ago . I loved the fact that it has outdoor seating and you have a pretty beach view , but they should maybe space out the tables a little more it was so crowded ! Our waitress was really nice but it seemed she was handling too many tables and didn't check back with us to see if we needed anything . My boyfriend and I ordered burgers and they were brought out without fries . We were told they'd be out soon , they never came . We were practically done so I asked about our fries and she was kinda confused ... Lol A manager came to talk to us and offered us  two free slices of cheesecake ( plus our missing fries to-go ) for the inconvenience . It was a sweet gesture and I was surprised that they actually came to apologize . I mean it was my birthday , and If I'm paying for $15 burger I need my fries ! Lol I guess I will be returning :)!
1 Decided to take the family out to dinner just coz I wanted to be spoiled and not cook that night LOLAfter celebrating a cousin's birthday at the Cheesecake Factory at the Grove, I wanted to try one closer to home and chose the Marina Del Rey location. Not only was the food ten times better here, but the view outside was amazing and when the sun set we were kept warm from the cool ocean breeze with heat lamps.The service was well paced and right on cue (despite us taking forever to order lol) For the appetizer, we had the avocado egg rolls and for dinner the Jamaican black pepper shrimp plate (complete with rice, black beans, planktons and mango salsa). I love meals with a little kick to it. And that shrimp was ballin'!!  If I weren't so stuffed (or driving), I would have ordered the Georgia Peach Bellini (A must have, I found out about at the Grove location).  I really enjoyed my visit here and hope to come back for another round of Jamaican shrimp and a Peach Bellini :)
2 Came here for my birthday. The food, the atmosphere was great. This was my first time at the C.Factory so I was excited. It would have been perfect experience if it wasn't for my server not on top of his job. Waited for our drinks twice for longer than what we should have. He even said himself that he was in another situation that pulled him away from us for some time. Ha! I would go a second time no doubt, just not with the same server.
1 I generally love The Cheesecake Factory and it is disheartening to have to leave a less than stellar review but bias aside I have to be honest. So here we go... To give background, I called a month prior to make reservations considering the size of our party. I was told that no advanced reservations could be made for Saturdays and we would have to put our name in upon arrival and wait. Fine, no gripes there. This past Saturday (March 25, 2017) I hosted a large group dinner (27 people) at this location. The first person in our party arrived at 5pm and put our name in. I arrived at 5:15pm and spoke with my friend to inquire about the wait. She told me she was quoted 1 - 1 1/2 hrs at the most 2 hours. We agreed to wait. And we did so patiently. At 7pm we still had not been called and there were multiple large groups of 12 that came after us but were being seated.  The person who originally put our name went to the hostess to inquire. She was told that because the size of the group was the reason for the hold up. In response, the person who put our name in requested that the group be broken up so we could eat since 2 hours had already passed. Ten minutes later they sat 10 people from our group and a few minutes later they seated 9 people at two different tables leaving a remainder of 8 people. Keep in mind this is AFTER the "at most 2 hours" quoted time. It was about 7:30pm when I witnessed a group of 12 people who arrived after my group (I know because as I stated earlier we had been waiting for 2 hours) being called to be seated. At this point I am now angered. How is it that we are STILL waiting with a remainder of 8 people yet 12 who came after are being seated. I walk to the hostess and first thanked her for "attempting to be accommodating" and specifically said, "You do not need to wait for a table for the remaining 8 you can split us according to whatever is the next available. At this point we would just like to eat." She called over Manuel and I told him the same thing. He said no problem. I understand.  He indicated there was another table of 12 about to leave and we could have that one.  I said thank you, however we do not need to specifically wait on that table. We would like what is next available whatever number that is. He said ok. Fifteen minutes later, the hostess calls the next table (not us) a group for 6. I immediately asked how is it that another group that was not here before us is being seated. I just requested to take the next available table. The hostess calls Manuel. I pose the same question to him. He tells me "I don't understand how it works."  I refreshed his memory on the conversation he and I just had and instead of accommodating he brings Jonathan over to speak to me. I again explain the scenario. And expressed my distaste in service.  I told him we had been disrespectful to no one, had waited patiently and at this point were being straight up lied to.  After this conversation Jonathan seated our remaining 8. The time is now 8:15 pm (I know because I looked at my watch). As my party was seated I spoke to Jonathan who I believe was the highest manager available at the time. I again thanked him for attempting to be accommodating and seat us all together and also reiterated why I was upset. He tried to explain his side by saying other patrons were quoted times and they needed to be seated accordingly. I refreshed his memory that we were already an hour over the time quoted to us AND that Manuel (another manager) had just told us we would have the next available table yet tried to give it to a different party. Overall I could not believe this experience. We had 27 people who were dining in your restaurant about to spend at least $700 or more and you push us to the side. Jonathan didn't even want to give a courtesy appetizer. I mean for goodness sake we waited 3 hours!! People were walking by saying "you guys are still waiting, wow!" Marina del Rey location please get it together. This is NOT the way you treat customers. And please spare the "we are sorry you had this experience please give us another chance" response that I have seen posted in response to others. DO something to mend the situation. Empty words are an insult.
5 I went in today to ONLY pick up a Cheesecake from this location. (Didn't think a tip was necessary for reaching into a freezer & grabbing it, plus the guy had major attitude). I noticed later that night that the 2 young guys put their OWN tip on MY receipt that they thought they "deserved". They thought I wouldn't catch it... I call & the manager says, "oh it's your bank, they add an extra amount in case you tip" I said, "that's weird, my bank has never done that at any other restaurant before". Long story short, don't eat here (they stole from me essentially), and if you DO, check your bank account after. They are thief's, even the manager is in on it. Be careful
1 Mother's Day was a CIRCUS. Not prepared for anything. I ordered a day before and was scheduled to pick up my order at 300pm . People were standing everywhere in the street , no valet, no signs , no SOCIAL DISTANCES, no parking, just pure chaos. Had to wait 2 hours for a pickup order and they still didn't give me my two orders of calliflower, NO FRIES with our AMERICANA CHEESEBURGERS(2) and a spaghetti and meatballs kids meal for my 2 year old son who was very hungry. Oh and ordered two slices of cheesecake and did not receive that! We received 3 small pieces of steak in one order. Just plain DISRESPECTFUL. I want my money, and tip back for items I did not receive . If this is a glimpse of the new reality of the dining experience, I'm done with restaurants from now on. Ridiculous how corporate did not have guidelines and protocol for a special day! I will be following up with corporate and the BBB. Worst experience ever!
1 Awesome experience! As we walked inside  cheese cake factory my friend I had the awesome experience to be greeted by Joe the restaurant manager! He is amazing! Extremely nice and with great customer service! Gorgeous smile! Super handsome! He sat us right away in table . The food was well served and the food had a great taste! My pasta was Delicious. To make the experience even better Joe took the time to pass by our table real quick to see how we were doing. I wish every restaurant had more managers like Joe! I highly recommend this cheese cake location to everyone.
4 The covid protocols are strictly followed. Staff is very friendly. Our fantastic server,Marie, was attentive and patient! She made our experience memorable and went above and beyond. What an asset she is to CF! The Thai chicken salad was delicious with tender chicken, fresh veggies, peanuts, and authentic dressing. Same for chicken tortilla soup and avocado egg rolls.  The cheesecake was creamy and delicious. Food was fresh and off the hook! Big portions! We will be back again for the excellent service and yummy food. We have missed The CF!  Ask for Marie's section for superb, caring service! You will be so happy!  Many thanks!
4 Our waiter Chad was on top of it! The food was delicious. We had a toddler and he made sure to bring out his food right away!
4 Decent cheesecake chain. I do not like the mandatory valet parking but I guess it comes with the small parking lot. Usually there is not to long of a wait if you want to sit outside. Like most Cheesecakes they are pretty full so depending on the waiter it isn't a bad place. I give 3 stars because of the other restaurants surrounding it there are definitely better choices.
4 My Mother and Father tried to make  a dinner reservation on Thursday in the Marina Del Rey  CHEESE CAKE FACTORY,  and  can you  believe this Management kept hanging up on them and telling them use the yelp app well guess what THEY DID NOT KNOW  HOW TO USE A  YELP APPLICATION.
4 The service here was pretty good, the food was pretty standard. The food took a while to come out. Not much to say, because most people know what The Cheesecake Factory is. It's a pretty big chain and I guess they're most well known for having a large selection of cheesecakes. The cheesecakes were better than the actual meals. I would like to note that their menu is massive though.We had a large group so we made reservations and were seated right away. To park here you have to use valet and it costs $6 I think?
2.5 If you want poor service, and dirty enviroment especially restrooms, this is the place to go.
4 A couple friends and I decided to come here for a late lunch. We were seated within 5 minutes of arriving which was a great thing. I originally ordered their crab artichoke dip as an appetizer which I wasn't fond of at all. So I sent it back and went with the spinach dip instead which was pretty good. For my main course I decided to order fettuccini Alfredo with shrimp which I did not like. It was bland and barely had any sauce and the shrimp was over cooked. Not to mention our waiter wasn't very welcoming and barely checked on us the entire visit. His attitude went down hill when we decided to send our first order of dip back as he informed us that he had to get a manager to do so which was shocking to me because Ive never had to go through that process before with barely touched food.
3.5 I don't ever do reviews but tonight I went here with my disabled son for dinner. It was a pleasure! My waiter Dangelo was great. He was very friendly and patient with us. He was quick with our orders as he could see my son was not liking the wait. He kept his drink full and was very attentive. I will definitely come back to this cheesecake because of the service I received from Dangelo. I feel that his management should know how well he treats his guest. Also as always my food was great! But it's the service along with the good food that makes someone love a restaurant so much.
3.5 Let me start out by completing my server Chantel, she was amazing and so kind!Ive been vegetarian for 11 years and cheesecake factory is my favorite place to order food! We ordered 4 entrees, and 2 appetizers. My appetizer came out with everyone's food (instead of my entree), and our other appetizer came out 15 mins AFTER all our other food came out. My entree was missing the side salad (its just lettuce, not that hard to put on a plate) i ordered my usual "the impossible burger" and it was NOT an impossible burger (i think i'd know, ive been vegetarian for so long) so i spit it back out onto the plate. I asked our server to bring over the manager, so the manger (Steven) came out with my spit up burger in hand and argued with me that it WAS an impossible burger (even though i know it wasnt) instead of asking what he can do to fix it, the MANAGER argued with me, the CUSTOMER about my food preferences. He said "Okay, ill go back to the kitchen and yell at my staff" he also totally trashed his employee (previously mentioned amazing server) by saying "she must not be that amazing if she put your food in wrong" like damn dude! So he walked away back to the kitchen to BRING OUT THE KITCHEN MANAGER/CHEF, with again in hand my spit up burger and before he could even get to to table i called him out for being unprofessional and childish for speaking to a customer this way. As a manager i would never bring out my head cook during a rush, his conversation with his staff is none of my business, but as a manager its his responsibility to make his guests happy and resolve the situation. I manager a restaurant myself and i would NEVER speak to a customer like this. Even his own chef was annoyed by the situation and walked himself back to the kitchen. So long story short im calling corporate and complaining about this unprofessional and neglectful behavior.
4 I've been here numerous times but never tried the factory nachos. Enough to share with the table. Had a lemon drop and must say it's one of the best I've had. A definate must try is the chipotle chicken pasta. It has smokey savory flavor, with the addition of peas, sweet peppers and asparagus. Ask for extra sauce and some parm to top it off. The best. To finish a nice slice of red velvet cheesecake.
1 Zakira provied the worst custom service seen. Was condescending and rude. Place needs restuarant etiquette.
1 I so wish I didn't have to give a star, and I wish I did not have to write this review but I was so surprised by the bakery counter girl that I needed to share.Last night I decided to order a pasta dish from Cheesecake Factory, I rarely order from here and if I do it's always via pickup. But I used door dash as I am recovering from surgery and I can't drive quite yet.It was a simple pasta dish no changes, just straight off the menu. Door dash delivered it with in a timely manor and my husband commented that they didn't give bread or utensils, that happens sometimes so no big deal. The big deal is the PEAS in the pasta we're freezing cold, the noodles were super Crunchy and the sauce appeared to be watered down. If I was at the restaurant I would have sent it back and not thought twice. However it really was inedible but I had enough and was done. I decided to call cheesecake and let them know and the counter person threw door dash under the bus and said it was there fault the food was cold. Not what I expected. I get that the food would be warm not hot but freezing cold wasn't on the menu. When I explained this to the girl she got super hot under the collar and said rudely "what, do you want, to talk to a manager?" I thought about it for a split second and said No thank you, they hired you, you represent them, however you might want to tell the chefs that the food was not up to par.I am disappointed in Cheesecake Factory as in all the years we have gone there no one has ever been rude, quite the opposite always super nice. It's not the best food, not the worst food but usually consistent.Last night we decided to no longer eat there or do take out!The black out cake will be missed but the attitude won't. DoorDash might want to rethink there relationship.
1 I placed a curbside order for a cheesecake slice & some sprite and was told my order would be ready at 6:20 pm . So I pull up at 6:25 and park in the designated area and call the number like the sign said to do and was transferred to the bakery. The guy said my order wasn't ready yet (side eye) and he would make note of when it was so he could bring it out. So I walk in there 10 mins later and go to the counter and the same guy who answered the phone is behind the counter cleaning and doesn't acknowledge me right away then comes over and when I tell him the issue says he can't help me. So I go to the hostess and I notice my order on the counter along with the other online orders and she points me in the direction of a girl working the line who then hands me my order. What's the point of offering curbside if you are not going to be attentive to those orders or bring them outside??? Also the staff in the bakery was very rude! If I could give this place 0 stars I would!!!!!
5 Try to make reservations online. What a joke just for 1 person they don't accept reservations..
1 Worst experience ever!!!! Will not be going back anytime soon. The Manager Sarah is incompetent and does not know how to treat customers.  I am truly disappointed as a regular customer. I have never been treated so dismissive in my life.she could care less about my complaints or concerns. Totally disregarded the situation and did not offer any apologies for how I suffered. Disorganized seating, staffing and service.  Terrible service and management does not hold up to the former cheesecake factory experience.  Many disgruntled customers in line for lack of communication and acknowledgement. Choose another restaurant you will be glad you did.
1 Never really had a bad experience at a Cheesecake Factory! Came here on a Sunday afternoon. We'd overslept our brunch reservations in Malibu as my BF's flight didn't get in until almost 4am when it was supposed to arrive at 10pm! Bit of a wait given the amount of people there. We waited outside by the water, and once we were seated we didn't feel crowded at all. Waiter was very friendly and personable, so tipped him generously. Only taking off a star on the review for 2 minor reasons. Valet parking is mandatory upon arrival, and it's so redundant. The lot is right there, and it would be faster if guests just self parked. Plus, the attendants aren't that friendly. I was sitting looking at my car waiting for the valet people to bring it around. By the time I'd paid and then stood and waited for them to find and pull my car around, I could have gotten my car, circled the lot twice and re parked and still had time to spare. Also, the waiter brought me the wrong cheesecake and unfortunately I didn't notice it until we got back to our hotel because we ordered them bagged to go. It was still really good, but I'd already had that flavor many times and was trying to be different and order something new. Oh well.Probably won't go back to this one because there's one closer to my house and valet parking isn't required. But it was fun for eating at a scenic Cheesecake Factory on the water while my boyfriend was here.
1 Great food great service great GM Mark love it ! Greg view and great area can't wait to come back
1 I love getting drinks at the Cheesecake! I don't go too often to this location but when I do, it's because I'm meeting friends for some drinks and some appetizers. But for some reason we always have the worst customer service experience when we are at the bar and a guy named Blake is the assigned waiter. It takes him anywhere from 10 to 15 minutes to take the drink order, then another 15 minutes to get the drinks. He doesn't stop by often to check on us. We have to flag the busboy or another employee to help us out. And yesterday we observed how he was waiting on a table, and all of a sudden we heard Blake yelling and arguing with two woman, regardless of the bar being busy with other customers and a Manager present during the argument. We were appalled and could not believe it! He was frazzled and agitated. Again, after a long while, we flagged an employee down and asked to speak to a Manager. We did not get to actually speak to a Manager as Blake came by the table and asked in a defensive and aggressive manner what we needed. He became nice towards us not until the end of our dinner. He handed the bill over to us and that's when he proceeded to finally remove any plates from our table. Every other Cheesecake Factory I go to, I have a pleasant experience, but not with Blake, he is not nice at all, he is extremely rude and standoffish.
1 I don't know what happened with the avocado egg rolls but I'd stay away from those if you can. I'm a vegetarian so I thought maybe they were cooked in oil which was used to fry other items and contaminated. However, my coworker also felt sick and she eats meat so either we had a bad batch or they were simply bad somehow. Nonetheless, we were a big party/event of 65+ we sat on the patio which was wonderful with a view of the marina. For an entrée I ordered the Chinese salad w/out chicken. It was satisfactory nothing extravagant, but not bad. We also had sweet potato fries which were good. Overall, I'd say the food quality is a 2 to 2.5 for vegetarians as options are limited. My coworkers enjoyed their food though so I'm going to give it a 3 rating. If not for anything else the cheesecake is always remarkable so the view plus the cheesecake earns 3 stars.
1 WORST PLACE EVER THANKS TO ANDRIA (MANAGER).I went to this place with my friend who put his name (Ahmad) on the reservation. Once Andrea saw the name, she started to give us all the hard time you can think of. She and her assisting girl made us feel we are not welcomed on this place for nothing but having such name which has some Middle Eastern background.. First, she told me I can hold the table for four minutes while we were coming from the beach area based on the text message.. Second, she saw my friend Ahmad's toddler son wearing a whole face mask, she claimed that this was not acceptable, though the kid was less than three years. She insisted on making him wear a mouth mask. When we told her, we would get it from the car, she said I AM ONLY HOLDING THE TABLE FOR FOUR MINUTES EXACTLY. You can imagine how would be your experience if you are welcomed at a restaurant in such a way.Then when we asked for eight people table or two tables together as are one family, she refused and insisted on putting us on two separate tables. When I asked for the general manager to complain to, the girl who was standing with her claimed she is the general manager WHICH TURNED TO BE A LIE.When we had the check we found that she added $32 as tips for the worst experience we have ever had. When we complained that this is insane for $150 worth of food to add $32 tips which we didn't authorize, they claimed we have to pay. As far as I know tips have never been mandatory particularly if you didn't even like the service or at least it should be left to the customer's discretion, but this is not the case over there THANKS TO ANDRIA. I WOULD NEVER GO THERE AGAIN. THIS IS NOT THE RIGHT ENVIRONMENT FOR HUMANS TO COME TOGETHER.
4 Louisana chicken here was not like the other ones I tired... it was dry and blan no flavor at all! Kinda disappointing. When i ask for sauce they gave me oil with seasoning ‍‍ the macadamia nut cheese cake was alright the macadamias over powered the whole thing their was really no cheese cake lol
4 I just waited 1.5 hour for frozen food. Most expensive frozen food I've ever had. The manager has no concern! WTF!
4 Very disappointed with this location. I come here often due to amazing service. Recently came in for lunch with my husband and my dog. We were about to be seated outside in the patio and a lady approached us and said "actually there are no pets allowed". Not sure if this is a new policy? If so, it was very rude to turn away customers in such a rude manner. ALL EMPLOYEES SHOULD KNOW THE POLICIES OF THEIR WORK PLACE. (I have a chihuahua by the way who is a certified ESA)
4 The jambalaya is to die for! I always get it with the rice. I also love the wheat bread and strong drinks! The décor is dark which I really find romantic!
4 So I was there Wednesday night on September 21st. Some relatives had came over to visit. Because it was last minute (and because usually we enjoy The Cheese Cake Factory at another location), we decided to try out this location since it was the the closest location at the time. Let me start by saying that it was a big party-seventeen of us to be exact. So I understood that when we got there, we were going to have to wait. I didn't mind at all that we waited 2.5 hours to get seated.At first it was like every other Cheesecake Factory; They sat us down and our waiter was nice and patient. Our food was served at a timely manner as well. Towards the end though when my father wanted a refill a coffee, he was told that there wasn't anymore coffee. The manager came and specifically let us know that gratuity was not included in the check and asked us to take care of the waiter. I found that a little bit rude, but yet I still took care of him due to our party size. And then as we were leaving, I wanted a piece of cheesecake to take home. There were two workers there next to the dessert display and I felt no amount of courtesy as I was standing there waiting there for a couple minutes; waiting for them to offer to help me. I heard them complain about the other guests (very unprofessional) and one of them looked at me and I told them "I would like to purchase a cheesecake please" and they said," Sorry we're closed" and returned to their gossiping. Then I noticed the manager walking behind me. I told him I would like to purchase a cheesecake (keep in mind this is the same manager that a couple minutes ago had no problem taking the expensive paid bill of 17 people that I just handed him). His response was "Sorry that section is closed". Very disappointed. Where's the customer service? Being that I own a business of my own, it is a rule that as long as a customer is there, we make sure that he is taken care of. I wanted to complain, but this was the manager! I couldn't believe it. As far as the food, just go to another Cheesecake Factory location, because the service from this one will leave a bad taste in your mouth.
2.5 This is by far my favorite cheesecake factory!! Yes since it is a chain the food menu is the same but... the staff is so great and that view!! I just love it..
4 I came to this location for the first time with my mom, mother in law, grandmother, sister, and son, we decided to go to this place because its was womens international day and I wanted to celebrate it in an unforgettable way, the view was amazing, wait time was a little long, we waited two hours and 30 minutes to be seated, but because of the view it didn't feel that long, everything was great except when I decided to order steak for the first time, as a matter of fact 5 steaks and all well done, I specifically told the server PJ that I want it well done "I dont want to see blood" he was so nice and said he will make sure its well done, anyways out of 5 steaks only one was medium and that happened to be mine, I was so mad because I specifically said I want all 5 well done, PJ was on his break when all this happened, the other server (dont know his name) took my steak back and had it cook for another 10 minutes, PJ came back and asked how everything is I explained to him what had happened he said oh no I told them to make it well done, the steak came back again blood gushing out  they call the manager she comes and starts to explain how she is a vegetarian but they have a timer on the steaks and they look at the color and on and on my question was if I ordered 5 steaks why was only one medium the rest well done? Why was it that the rest of the steaks were cooked through and not mine? She wasn't helpful at all, she took my steak back and brought it back still not cooked well so I asked PJ to bring me a box so I take it home and cook it myself, PJ was so nice and did everything he could but the chef and manager need to learn how to work in this industry, if im not satisfied with something they need to fix it not try to find excuses, PJ gets the 5 stars and they get 0 stars. You need to hire more people like PJ.
3.5 The food here is the same as at every Cheesecake Factory on earth: well-executed, semi-upscale for the masses.  Delicious, and huge portions -- they're not shy with the butter, either, which means if you're on a diet, you must share any main course with a friend.The real selling point at this joint is the view.  AMAZING outdoor deck with great views of the marina.  Really lovely.That said... $5 for valet parking mandatory in a mostly empty lot.  That's kinda milking it, no?
3.5 The food is great and the cheesecake amazing. The waiter was great, but unfortunately the staff that run the to go Cheesecake are very rude and sadly sent hateful looks when they got my order wrong ... it was very sad for me to see and experience such young people with such bad attitude towards serving others. I think if you don't like your job you should change and these two young ladies definitely were very in a dark place and must been having a bad that they decided to take out on me. So I'll pray for both of them because they are so unconscious to they very awful bad attitudes. They turn red because they were sooo mad ... but I just think karma will get us all... so sending them good vibes and positive energy may be they will have a better day tomorrow or the managers at this location will try to train their staff better. So I will not recommend buying to go
4 This place is pathetic! We were told a 45 minute wait but was 2 hours to seat our party! You would think a restaurant like this know how to operate but they don't.  All they did was make excuses as to why it was taking so long. When finally seated I ordered the Seared AHI dinner. I was very disapointed when my plate arrived and all I got was 4 silver dollar very thin slivers of AHI on a pound of rice. REALLY? Instead of building more of these dumps they should invest in their menu, customer service and infrastructure. I Will never go back to this very very very bad restaurant ever again.
5 Happy Hour 4-6 pm Monday thru Friday.  Closer to the sea, better the Cheesecake. For me, the Redondo Beach is the best Factory location (your life shouldn't end until you're there for a pink sunset). This Marina del Rey spot is my second favorite of Factory locations, if you're lucky you can grab a seat overlooking the basin. Happy Hour at bar area only, but plenty of seaboats in view. Chicken Pot Stickers, TexMex Egg Rolls, Vietnamese Tacos, Dynamite Shrimp Tempura-style, and Ahi Tartare our happy hour faves. Hold on, my woman is in the bathroom, higher than the Empire State. Wait... that's me, after I've had my Tiramisu Cheesecake. She's going to have to carry me home... tonight.Note: You can't get out of paying for valet here. You would have to park elsewhere quite a distance away for free parking.
3 UPDATE: Called yesterday and Martha transferred me to another manager, as Mark was not in. She told me that the "bookkeeper", Mariela, was not in and I needed to call back tomorrow before 1pm. I asked her a couple more questions about processing time and confirmation and she stated that it usually takes 10 business days and when it's processed, I will receive a confirmation email. I called today (11:20pm), a team member by the name of Taylor stated that if I called back in 10 minutes, she could help me out. I couldn't make this up if I tried. BBB HERE I COME!!
5 Like many others, I love the Cheesecake Factory. It's one of the places that everyone in your dinner party can find something because of the large menu. It's also the place that I venture to when wanting to satisfy my pasta fix. So, it was a no-brainer when I wanted take-out on Saturday night. I ordered the Bistro Shrimp pasta and a lemon meringue cheesecake through the order online feature. The website clearly states to check in and the items will be delivered to your car--fair. So, I order online at 4:42pm, check in at the restaurant at 5:07pm and wait. I waited until 6:22pm in which I went to the hostess and asked if I could cancel my order. The hostess was extremely nice. I am not sure if she could do it herself because she stated that she wanted me to speak to the manager, Martha. (Lord, I wish she would have just been able to handle it herself, but we will get to that.) During the time of the hostess getting the manager to cancel my order, another host "finds my food". I ask him how long has it been out of the chicken (because let's face it nobody wants to pay $30 for cold pasta.) He was unable to tell me but sympathized with me wanting to cancel my order. Let me preface that at this point I understand and would have given the staff 5 stars. Why? Because I get it, it's Saturday night, the team seemed extremely understaffed and we're doin their best. My issue was how Martha handled it. It says A LOT when your staff has a better disposition than you. When she came out, she was not welcoming and almost upset that I wanted to cancel my order. She comes out and literally says "Do you want a refund?" In to which I said "Yes." No apology, no congeniality-- nothing. I explained to her that I had been waiting for awhile and no longer wanted to wait. When I walked up to cancel, my food miraculously was ready and nobody could tell me how long it had been out of the kitchen. Her response, " It's been pretty busy. We can refund your money Monday." No receipt, no confirmation, no further explanation, no apology, no nothing. Although this may be true that there is no receipt or confirmation for online refunds, you are promoted (or hired) to a leadership role because of your unique ability to handle stress under pressure. Nothing about Martha's interaction was exceptional. Because, at this point, I lost all hope in Martha's ability to effectively handle her end of the bargain (canceling and refunding my money), I asked for her supervisor's name and email. Of course, in line with Martha'a lackluster customer service, she doesn't want to give me the information and once she does she gives me the wrong email. Now, what she did not know is I had an email for the manager so I insisted that that wasn't the correct email. She FINALLY corrected herself and gave me Mark's email. She then walks away. I expect someone of her mature age to be able to handle situations professionally but it felt like I was dealing with a 19yr old team lead at Starbucks. The worst part is I wasn't even upset (I mean, I was malnourished at that point that I couldn't even "fight"-- I just wanted a refund so I could go about my way). I wasn't asking for free food, a voucher for next time or anything-- I just was tired of waiting an hour and 45 minutes for my food. Even more of a blow, I overheard the hostess informing new pick-up orders that it would be ready in 45 minutes. Customer service is simple: Acknowledge, Apologize, Explain and Resolve. Acknowledge the customer's concern, apologize for their experience, explain why this may have occurred, and offer a resolution. I am usually not one to write a bad review. ESPECIALLY for a big corporation like the Cheesecake Factory. Why? Because most likely my little review won't do much. And fortunately for the Cheesecake Factory in Marina del Rey, the location is great-- so most won't be deterred by a bad experience. Trust me, there is enough negativity in the world but, in the very least, I hope that Martha reads this and learns from it. It is never acceptable to have handled the situation like that. Oh, I forgot to mention once she gave me the email address, she walked away. Maybe she was frustrated because of the ratio of customer volume and employees on deck. Maybe she was mad the nice hostess called her out of her manager cave. The world may never know but as a supervisor, you never allow the frustrations of the day to be taken out on your customers. ESPECIALLY when they aren't complaining and just want confirmation of a refund so that they can go to Chik-Fil-A and be treated like family.
5 I order Caesar salads to go from Cheesecake Factory all the time. Last night I ordered one to be delivered by Postmates. The delivery driver arrived at the restaurant about 30 minutes after my order had been received and sat there waiting for over 40 minutes. When the food finally arrived, I opened up the salad and there was about a quarter of the normal amount of lettuce. There were literally 4 croutons and a handful of romaine in a $14 salad. I called the restaurant and they put me on hold for 11 minutes waiting to speak with a manager. I finally gave up assuming they were busy. I called back this morning and waited for another five minutes for Mark to come on the line. I explained the situation and his response was: you should have ordered from DoorDash. We aren't directly partnered with Postmates. I said I don't think you understand. The salad wasn't made right and I feel ripped off. He once again said that Postmates charged more snd he's trying to help me by telling me to use DoorDash. I said are you insinuating the driver took part of my salad? Why does the service have anything to do with this? After hanging up on Mark (because his stupidity stealing part of my soul), I decided to give up on The Cheesecake Factory for life. I always feel a little un-evolved going to chain restaurants but I always liked the consistency and wide selection of this place. Not anymore.And Mark, I hope you are a struggling actor who's going to hit it big soon because you suck at your job.
3 Devante is rudest host I've ever encountered. I've been to other cheesecake factories and none of them are as filthy as this one.
1 Tasty food and desserts, big portions, great service, low calories menu available, reasonable price. Both self and valet parking are available. One of my favorite spots!Tip: Sit outside for an amazing view of Marina Del Rey. Even when it's cold outside patio heaters will make you feel comfortable.
1 John the assistant general manager is the BEST!!!We love him and Jason and Imam too!!!Keep it up!!!!
1 So in the past I left a terrible review And since our boat is right here in the marina we tried it again And what a change The new manager Samuel was gracious welcoming and amazing Good job Cheesecake Factory on the upgrade of personel. We will definitely be back next week And Samuel definitely adds style - we loved the tie :)
1 I can't give this more than a one star and unfortunately it's NOT reflective of their amazing food and great service. DONT EVER VALET HERE!! They damaged my brand new car, messed up the front bumper and literally when he brought the car had a part of the front bumper hanging off of it. I showed the guy who then proceeded to tell me I must have done it! When ??? They walked around my car when they initially took it and guess what nothing was hanging off the front. Not only did they damage my car but they were super rude and other guests waiting for their cars had to step in to tell the valet workers to settle down. They didn't want to give me the company info until again another guest stepped in and told them they have no choice! Of course now I get a letter saying they are denying it all. Well thanks Cheesecake Factory for a lunch that's about to cost me a LOT of money!
1 My friend and I we come here often and we always like to sit outside by the water get some fresh air beautiful scenery today I ordered an omelette which I order often for breakfast they had given me the wrong one but it still looked delicious so I didn't want to complain and be that rude person and send it back. Midway through a nice lady brought me the correct omelette that I had ordered and she apologized for the mistake I told her "no problem it still looks delicious even though it was not the one I had ordered I didn't want to complain about it and send it back". But the fact that she brought the correct one to me with out me asking I very much appreciated it. Accidents happen in a busy kitchen but thank u again for correcting the mistake. We have always had great service by everyone here. And look forward to coming back.
4 When i walked in, I wasn't really well-greeted.Maybe the staff were having a bad day.I did go in on a saturday night. It was hectic, but overall i had great service.I dont remember the server name, but she did an amazing job!I honestly was fed up, i had waited too long but the server made everything better.Especially sitting outside the patio !!! Its beautiful.If anything, i would recommend eating here on a wednesday or thursday. I wouldnt go on a saturday.
4 First off, Let me say I grew up going to Cheesecake Factory Often. Family gatherings, birthdays and a simple Thursday evening dinner with friends. I've always enjoyed it, no complaints. The experience I had with me and my friends last night was unacceptable. We all know there's at least a 30-35 minute wait which we don't mind. We even choose to dine outside. From the moment we sat down, took 15 minutes to get a "I'll be with you in a second" & then that proceed to be another 10 minute wait. Once our waiter is here, no apology. Just mention there 3 waiters outside. ‍ what does that have to do with the customer. the dinning experience gets worst. It's like the waiting game. No bread, no check ups, no refill on our water. Ridiculous! When I finally order, my dish isn't even available anymore. So all we ate were 2 corn tamales plates that came out 15 minutes apart. By the time I found out the dish wasn't available, we had already been waiting so long, why would i order anything else and sit there longer than I should. Last but certainly not least, we waited 15 minutes for the bill & had to remind the waiter twice for it. Makes no sense! This was an unpleasant, uncomfortable experience. The worst thing is when you look around everyone else is being serve nicely & enjoying their dinner while we are irritated and complaining the whole time to each other. Please train your employees to pick up the pace even if it's a busy night, the customer should never feel the impact the restaurant is having. Everything was wrong with this experience.
4 Worst take out experience at this location. Their staff at their pick up -take out station have a strange attitude. Make sure you don't ask - even if nicely - where is your order after 40 minutes , when they said it will only take 15, and they have half of your order getting cold at the counter. You won't even get the manager to reason about that issue.
4 Worst costumer service I've seen for a very long time. Avoid this location if you don't wanna get your night ruined
4 Not great, but....the view is good if you sit outside. I don't get why they made me pay $4 to park my car. I hate that. The food was okay, nothing special. The service was actually very attentive.
2.5 Cheesecake Factory is a good restaurant, they have very classy foods . We always order the Mizo salmon , garlic doodle, Alfredo , fish and chips and avocado rolls that are amazing .They also have great desert specially their Godiva chocolate cake with ice cream and chocolate syrup is out of this world !I gave them 4 stars just because it took exactly 35 minutes for our order to come to the table and every time we needed something we couldn't find the waiter but all in all we enjoyed it .Also before we got seated we had to wait 50 minutes because the place is jam packed.So I would still go back , I recommend this place to anyone who likes big portions and delicious food .
4 This Cheesecake Factory was very accommodating.  There was a wait for lunch, but we got seated pretty quickly, maybe because we chose outdoor/patio seating.  The patio here overlooks the gorgeous Marina Del Rey harbor.  With the sun shining and the wind blowing, it probably made the food taste better.In all the Cheesecakes I've ever gone to, I have never had one bad thing at this place.  This upscale American food chain is as consistent as it can get.  Their best dish is the Miso Salmon - hands down!I love their chicken wraps too... !
3.5 Cheesecake Factory offers a variety of over 100 different food items and several beverages, everything from smoothies and soda to wine and mixed drinks.  My only problem with going here is deciding what I want to eat.This particular location has a fantastic view of the Marina, which is why I was excited to go in the first place.  I have to say that the customer service is touch and go, everything ranging from rude waiters to eccentric waiters to helpful waiters.  Last time I went, the bread came out with the main course, but I guess I'm happy it came out at all.  The view is well worth every penny, and the drinks (okay, alcoholic mixed drinks) are superb albeit quite expensive.This location is by far my favorite, although The Cheesecake Factory in general is a favorite :-)
3.5 As with all of the other Cheesecake Factory locations that I've visited, this one put in an admirable performance. Food was good and service was solid. Wait time for an indoor table was not too long (30 minutes). Portions are mostly big and I'd guess that 80% or more of the diners were taking doggy bags with them. Plus, the food is good enough to actually eat it the next day! I'm a real picky patron and will comment in the negative on two things. First, I detest being forced to valet park and pay $5. The reason I say that is because the fixed price is $4.50 but the valet had no intention of giving change. I also wish they would get under control is the way their "car hop" waiters exit the building. I like their appearance and the way they were speedy in delivering to the waiting customers, but each one of them SMASHED the exit bar on the door... which was unlocked and there was no need to even push the exit bar to open the door. It is a very loud and disturbing noise to keep hearing for the people waiting for a table or sitting in the bar. Other than that, it is a crowded and noisy dining room, but one that gives a real sense of fun and being a "happening place". Next time I'll have to save room for some cheesecake... but I say that every time and it only happens at lunch!
4 I love the location of this place it has such a nice view of the marina. Went there for lunch with the hubby as an appetizer we had the nachos those alone were enough for a meal for the both of us! We decided to share the lemon herb chicken I loved it the hubby didn't like it all. The waitress was super friendly, she was on top of what we needed and she even addressed my hubby by his name which was a first for us. I didn't try the cheesecake because I'm a bigger chocolate cake lover. We got a slice of the fudge cake which was amazing!!! I was having an ecstasy moment that's how much I love chocolate!This is a real nice place to have an intimate lunch either sitting outside or inside. I would so go again.
1 I'm really not a fan of this particular Cheesecake Factory. I mean don't get me wrong, the waitstaff was really nice, the outside area was nice and not too noisy. But the food was really poor in my opinion. My father and I had two different pastas, I had the Alfredo and he had some Cajun pasta dish. The Alfredo was very bland and the Cajun pasta had way too much spice. My mom ordered the catfish and was okay with it. The only reason I would come back here is for the waitstaff but they seriously are nice, however it is kind of a long wait for the food.
1 Good food but takes a while. I've been here several times and it is always busy so don't come if you're starving. Had the special of the day which was a Thai sweet salmon with a coconut sauce. It was good and filling. Ordered table side guacamole but was already made when it was brought out. It was still good  even though we ordered it medium, it was mild. A steak ordered medium rare came out just right. They only have valet parking. $3.50 for lunch and $4.50 for dinner.
1 My wife did a reservation through this App (yelp)!! For 7:30 pm last night. And then Cheesecake Factory sent her a confirmation of her reservation. She went to just be sure at 7 and the ignorant host told her not to worry there is just a disconnection between yelp and CCF. Then my wife went back at 7:30 just for the useless manager tell her that is there is no reservation and if she wants he can have her name and add her to the queue. If you're not ready to open then stay closed better. Do not open after all this time and then just let people down. You need the business otherwise close forever and give it to other company that can appreciate that spot and the customers who come with it. After my wife , my mother and my son waited for over 2 hours and respected the reservation that she did you should be helpful and appreciative as well. Customer service sucks with an incompetent manager with no clue on how to run a busy day. I'm never coming back to this CCF again. There are other restaurants with a good view that will actually accommodate their customers. Just stay closed that's what you deserve.
5 I have been to many Cheesecake Factory's in Orange County, LA County, and the Inland Empire, but this one was my least favorite!  When I walked in the hostess was very rude and didn't even ask how big the party was, even though we were the only people waiting. Then he just led us to a table he didn't even ask if we wanted to be seated outside. As we got our waitress she was ok, but she only came to our table twice: for our drinks and when we ordered. We ordered avocado rolls which were really good and the chicken manidera was ok. Considering that the mashed potatoes were really soggy. All in all my experience here was really bad.
4 Omg, I was given a gift card for this place for Christmas. I finally used it and I wish is given it to someone else to use. I order jambalaya and texmex eggrolls to go. The food was awful. The eggrolls were dried out and the jambalaya was extremely salty. My visit was a total waste of time. I guess the crowd was for the ambiance. It seemed to have a cool vibe. The food was trash. Which is where I put it.
5 Really disappointed took almost 2 hours to be seated ! Plus a really long time for food and I ordered strawberry cheesecake and gave me CHERRY  ! Very disappointed never going ever again plus we didn't even get to enjoy a birthday celebration ! Worst experience
4 $2.50 for parking during lunch. $4.50 for parking during dinner. Self park or Valet. Either way you gotta shell out the $$. Ridiculous. I've lived in Marina del Rey for 2 years now and I've never actually been to this CF location despite the fact I do enjoy me the large CF menu options and cheesecakey goodness. My friends who just moved to MDR thought we should try it out so I headed over. Quick little drive from my place and I thought to myself "How awesome! So close - I can get my CF fix anytime I want...wait what's this. Oh valet...I have to pay? How much? Ok can I self-park? I can...but I still have to pay...wth."  Immediate loss of 1 star. You walk in and it looks rather small at first but after walking through a little maze of tables you get to a larger back area. There is a nice outdoor seating area with cabanas but it was far too cold and dark to enjoy that. Our waitress was adorable and sweet - we couldn't have asked for a more smiley, attentive waitress. Prompt taking of drinks and bread delivery. But then there was the wait for food. I didn't mind it as I was enjoying good conversation but seriously...my patience was being tried.  Minus another star. Eventually the food came. It was standard good CF food. Nothing excitingly crazy but what I wanted. We paid the bill, paid the valet (honestly, it irks me to no end that my meal was $10.95 and valet cost almost 50% of that) and I decided if I ever have any CF craving again I'll either do curbside or do my waistline and frugal self a favor and not go.
1 This review is a shame because I bring my family to this Cheese Cake Factory very often and always spend and tip very generously. While I was working my postmates shift a young woman who I choose not to say her name due to my morals was extremely prejudice, condescending, and plain out rude! In a nutshell while trying to give her my costumers order she was rude rolled her eyes and spoke wild tempered to her co worker about disliking postmates protocol. Then why waiting for my delivery I was so enticed by the salted caramel cheesecake I let her rudeness slide and tried to order myself a slice as I wait for my costumers order she proceeded to be even more rude and deny me service. I refuse to bring my hard earned American money to such a racist establishment The Irvin family will no longer eat here I'm appalled!!!
2 Talk about lack of accommodations. It's a corporate restaurant. You can't let us have a small taste of wine before we order a bottle, and I can't have half fries and salad? Long waits... idk, maybe I have high expectations but that seems small considering their corporate being.
1 the worse experience ive ever had here and the food was disgusting.. manager sucked... i use to come here for over 20yrs and havent been in years.. sent all the food back and wont be back! thee end !
1 I have been coming to this location for years.  I live across the street.  The bartenders here are exceptional.  Kayla, Liza, Dominique ( sp?). They care about my experience and go beyond the norm. A hout out to you guys! Thanknyou for always being so kind and helpful- additionally,  friendships have been created  which is a bonus.
3 I was upset today from this location for many reasons, they told that waiting be maximum 25 min,but we waited for 1 hour. My friend ordered a breakfast and it was missing some ingridients(potatoes).I ordered for my daughter a kids pizza to bring it first cause she was hungry but they just forgot for that order totally and instead they brought us other plates!!!! Very disappointing!!!
4 Our waiter was great however, the food was cold and not presentable whatsoever. I ordered the jambalaya  (which usually comes looking very appetizing) but it surely didn't look like it taste like what I ordered. The sauce given was yellowish, when usually it's a red sauce with red pepper but that was absent. The shrimp looked extremely white as if it were cocktail shrimp or it was uncooked. I had to end up sending it back and I love coming to cheesecake for that dish so I was very disappointed. This was my first time at this particular location and will probably be my last time. Like I said I had a great server who kept a smile on his face, but the food was awful.
4 I haven't been here for a while.  Endive salad was better than I remember.  I was craving the cheesy garlic bread, but ended up getting a new menu item that is similar but with meatballs.  It was very tasty.  Brice was a great server, and the runners are also very nice!  You can park in the lot off of Panay Way and bypass Valet all together.  I went during the week around 3P so service was very fast.
4 3 stars because we had to wait OVER an hour when initially we were told it be a 10-15minute wait. Our server was great and despite it being busy, he was attentive to our needs and kept checking back. The food was okay. Not the best I've had for a cheesecake, kind of disappointed to be honest, but we really only came here for the view. Great at anytime, but keep in mind the wait you may need to endure to enjoy it. Parking is valet only. 3.50 until lunch and $5 after I think is what it was. For this trip and it being our first time here we definitely were disappointed with the food and wait, but loved our waiter and view. It was a hit and miss.
4 This is the most beautiful Cheesecake Factory that I have been to. It's overlooking the marina and gorgeous to sit outside for brunch. The food is pretty much what you would expect from a cheese cake factory. The restaurant does get busy on the weekends so go elsewhere if you would like to avoid lines.
4 We came here to celebrate my grandmothers birthday. The wait was only 30 minutes in a Friday which was pretty good. We had a wonderful waitress. Her name was Heavenee and she was extremely polite and professional. She really took care of us and was able to accommodate our special requests for food substitutions. She brought a cheesecake for my grandmother with candles and all. Overall the Cheesecake Factory was a great experience as always, the food is tasty, the portions are huge and the price is fair. I recommend the Miso salmon, Asian pear martini and dulce de leche cheesecake to finish it off. I definitely recommend this location because it has a lot of balcony and patio space which has a great view of the docks. It's a perfect spot for a date or just a night out with friends.
2.5 Ordered a Santa Fe Salad and there was virtually NO chicken on it. Hardly any corn or beans either. It was mostly a pile of lettuce with some tortilla strips on it. And they have the nerve to charge $17 ???
4 Really disappointed with my take out order.  Ordered two pasta dishes that both were cold and seemed like they had been sitting around for hours, despite the fact that I arrived 15 minutes after I ordered.  Do not order take out from this cheesecake.  They are not adjusting well to the new normal of dining take out from a restaurant.
3.5 Probably one of the better Cheesecake Factories.  Food is overpriced and loaded with calories, but sure is tasty.  If you have calories to spare and like extra extra butter, come to Cheesecake.  This Cheesecake also has a nice patio with fire pits.
3.5 I ordered the Chinese chicken salad.  It had about half or less of the chicken I'm used too.  Maybe skimping because of slow business or an inadequate measurement.  Too bad.
4 Avocado egg rolls a must.  Trust me.  They are amazing.  I'm usually all about the Shrimp Scampi.   Theirs is uniquely theirs, a signature dishes with prawns standing proud with a crunchy exterior in a wonderful sauce, that has whole pieces of roasted garlic.   Served with a mound of angel hair pasta, it's delish.  Ask for extra sauce.  You didn't come to Cheesecake Factory to pay homage to your diet.  But if you did...  The chopped salad on their skinnylicous menu is really, really good.   I skipped the vinaigrette they paired it with and asked for their cilantro dressing on the side.  WOW.  Really good together.  I would do that again any day.  Diet or no.
2 Terrible service. We waited 15 min or so for the waitress to come to us. That's ridiculous. I don't blame the waitress either because she was working hard. The place is understaffed. We even waiting 45 minutes for a table. Ridiculous Then when I emailed corporate and asked them to call me of course they didn't. It's ridiculous.
1 The food and service was wonderful but the Valet driver ruined our experience. They changed every setting in our car, all of our mirrors, the seat was so far back our DVD player was being smashed by our baby's car seat. They also changed our radio station. I think that's bull crap. I've never had such horrible valet service. I understand having to change a mirror, or two to be able to see but to change our radio station and put our seat all the way back, and leaned back?! I will not return as long as this valet company is the one we have to deal with.
1 !!MANAGER WAS NOT RECEPTIVE AT ALL - VERY POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE!!We were seated after waiting for almost an hour. When we got to our table, it was still not ready, had food scraps and was wet - yikes! While we were standing to have it cleaned, the waitress, Summer, dropped a couple of metal bread containers and they almost hit my feet.  Summer just walked away - no apologies - didn't even ask if I was alright. She was so rude and did not care! Talked to the manager about the incident and he was not receptive at all!  Just like Summer, I felt that he didn't care at all. On the way out, I told the manager that I was going to share my review on Yelp.  He just looked at me and walked away.  I appreciate that someone responds to the negative review but they do such a poor job not taking care of the issue when it's presented to them at the restaurant. Very poor customer service - will never go back to this location again!
5 The food was ok, I liked my Miso Salmon, but my daughter's pasta was nothing special. I make a much better one at home. We called them the day before to ask about parking and they said they validate the parking that you enter from the side street (Mother's Beach parking lot). Well, that place you have to get a $10 parking permit in order to park. No! They don't validate. Also, the only reason we wanted to go to Cheesecake Factory was to sit outside and enjoy the beach view. They sat us right by the door right where you get outside and they have the place PACKED with tables that you have absolutely no view. It was my first time and I didn't know that maybe I should have asked to sit right by the fence in order to have a view. The host should have asked and explained! I don't think I'd ever go back to this place! Not worth spending money on top of parking and all to sit in a crammed patio.
5 The food was excellent! The service could've been better as far as the waiter coming to check to see if we needed anything else. We had a party of 7 so it would've been nice to have the waiter check on us to see if we wanted refills. I ordered a drinks for everyone (adults) at our table and a hot chocolate for my 7 year old. Everyone got their drinks pretty quickly, but we had to wait about 20 minutes for the hot chocolate which is forever for a kid. Our waiter was really nice though and I could tell it was busy so I didn't complain too much, but it was still hard to track him down for to-go boxes and for our check too! The woman who took our party number and requests for seating at the front was great! She really accommodated us very well. I loved how we could go play in the water right after we ate our food.
5 Cheesecake Factory at Marina Del Rey is one of our go to spots. It's at Mother's beach so if you have a little one you can expend energy at the playground there.Food is always going to be good at Cheesecake. But what I was surprised with is that their Ribeye steak was actually pretty good!Service is great. Had a little issue with my daughter's fries and the manager came to us and made sure we were okay.Plus you can't beat the view!
2 The customer service here is horrible, rude when you walk in, rude when you sit down, just down right ridiculous.
3 In general, Cheesecake Factory is pretty good for meeting a group of people.  This is about the only time I will frequent the restaurant.Pros: Large menu - something for everyone, large portions, cheesecake.Cons: No reservations, large menu - can never decide, service is average at best.This particular location is nice.  It overlooks the water and the patio is great when there is a slight breeze.I usually get the jambalaya pasta or the meatloaf.  This particular time I tried the chopped steak.  It was pretty good.  We were seated quickly, but the service was lacking.  It took about 15 minutes to get drinks and another 10 minutes on top of that to get bread.  After finally ordering, our foods comes about 50 minutes after we sat down.  We had other things to do, so we took our cheesecake to go.
4 Ordered for pick up, process was super smooth and easy. I felt safe going in to pick up, everyone was 6ft apart and wearing gloves. Thank you!
1 Waited over 2 hours to never be seated. Got there on a Saturday and expected it to be busy which it was and was told there was a 45min - Hour wait. We waited exactly and hour with no answer and went back to the girl up front. She then gave us a buzzer and said it will be another 15-25 min. No buzz so we went back up and she said were almost up. Waited about 30 more minutes then left. Seems like the were all overwhelmed and was just telling people non sense. Never going back. FAIL
1 Went to the Cheesecake Factory at the Marina recently.  Haven't been there in years. Decided to try the Spaghetti.  The best spaghetti I've had in years! It was reminiscent of the Olde Spaghetti Factory in Hollywood. (my favorite spaghetti) Everything about it was great. The meatballs were humongous and so tasty and the sauce and spaghetti were great. My friend had the chicken and biscuits and loved it. The service was great. I tried the banana cream cheesecake and was by far the best cheesecake I've ever had. I will no longer be a stranger.
4 First time disappointment with cheesecake been a customer over ten years. Been in Brea, Newport Beach, Irvine, San Francisco, Rancho Mirage... The Gove in LA which we visit every Sunday except today, etc... as always service and food are great.. first and never again will visit Marina Del Ray location. This a very first  visited a Cheesecake Factory I had to pay for valet parking.... For $7.00... which I believe very ridiculous especially for someone as cheesecake customer are anyone like me has a disability handicap plaque. I spoke to Ken the manager request if the parking are validated. He answer its not and because the parking is private which he does not have any control of the parking structure. Even after I requested for the phone number of the parking structure company, Ken did not even offer a solution except ask how was our food? It's unfair of Ken the manger just to apologized even after I explain I  have a disability handicap plagued and never offer me to validate or pay for my parking after we spend $54.04, with check 0054 at 11:23 am table 76, server by Cassandra.  I believe any Cheesecake Customer that has disability handicap plague should ever pay any valet parking space regardless it's a private parking structure. Across United State there are several business that has valet parking structure owned or privately owned are offer free parking for disability client or customer.
4 Had an amazing time went 1-2-19 for my fiancé's birthday an we sat on the patio which was a real nice ambiance an Romantic (at night) our waiter emon ( I know I killed his name sorry) was A1....he was the best waiter I ever came across an yu can he loves his job very attentive an a gentlemen... the food was great too I had the chicken parm chipotle pasta is was soooo good an filling I will def be returning
4 My daughters and I stopped through on our travels back home and all I can say is the food was amazing as well as the desserts were over the top amazing. The biggest plus was they met my gluten allergy needs. John the manager was very polite and I admire the way he kept his cool with some very difficult customers that were dining in next to us. They were just being plain out rude and difficult and he was trying to resolve there issue but they would not budge whatsoever! I had two ten year olds who had more patience than two grown adults. Thank you for the great experience we will visit this location again. Special thanks to John and his staff for all the hard work they do.
4 Absolute crap show every time I pick up here. The incompetence is mind blowing. And I've yet to see a manager. How can this be so misting? They will perpetually push you as you wait, the orders are always wrong and you will be hung up on when you call. Avoid. And if corporate is reading this start over. You have failed.
4 Well we were craving cheesecake tonite and walked over from our hotel and it was CLOSED for structural maintenance! On a Saturday night!
2.5 Over rated underserved - horrible service unable to serve food you provide - this truly unlike cheese cake
4 Subpar service with a very long wait before we were seated and an even longer wait before our food arrived. We ordered a few dishes including grilled fish tacos. They brought out fried fish tacos then when I told the server the fish was supposed to be grilled he didn't really say anything and just took the food away. A short while later he comes back out with grilled fish tacos but two of the four tacos barely had any fish in the taco. When I told the server he said what's wrong with it, and I asked him why there was barely any fish on the last taco. He didn't say anything and walked off. He came back 10minutes later with a single piece of fish on a small side plate. The fish tasted horrible, like it had been sitting out. The separate fish was a different color. We called the manager and he was very oppositional. He said what's wring with the fish. We told him the issues and he said you should have told me earlier. We weren't going to mention it but the service was so horrendous we felt something should be said about it all. He had the audacity to ask us if we wanted to box it up and take it home. Seems as though the caliber of The Cheesecake Factory has really declined.
3.5 Went here for my sisters birthday. We first got seated in the back at a small corner but then asked for booth which they were able to seat us at. One star for that. The lady that served us was ok, she brought us everything we needed and answered our questions another star for that but her customer service was horrible!... as for the food...it was horrible! My mom ordered the "Tomato Basil Pasta", the amount of chicken they served was ridiculous to the amount of pasta that was on the plate. To top it off the pasta was hard.. For the first time I was disappointed in my order. Didn't even eat halfway through it... The only pleasant experience was the person that brought our food out as well as our second server. One overall this place is horrible. We'll never go to this location again.
3.5 I've  eaten a few times since I love up the street. I will say they've come a long way & the service  has improved.They still need a few more healthy options  but they actually have a spot on burger & the Vietnamese  style spring are better than most Vietnamese restaurants.  Portions are good!As a Chef I'd say they need to scale down the menu, have a more organized service.
4 My family and I went to this restaurant for a celebration. The waitress was not professional and she reached over our food a few times. I spoke to the Manager, Brian and all he said was, "I'll speak with her." Unacceptable and unprofessional establishment.  We will never eat at this Cheesecake factory again!
4 Everytime I visit this location I encounter a rude counter server by the name of Marion. He has a terrible attitude and is extremely unapproachable. I've seen multiple reviews mentioning his awful service and yet nothing seems to be done about it. I won't be returning.
3 There always seem to be a issue at this cheesecake, no matter how many time i come back with my family... there always something missing, order comes out too early while other wait, even tonight i order thru door dash and they forgot a order of fries... it's so sad cause the location is prime right by the water... management please keep your team sharp, i get you have huge volumes cause of your location but you should not loose quality check .... super disappointed
4 The food is really good however, their wait time is so inconvenient. My friends and I arrived at 9:00pm and the wait to get a table was 1hr and 30min. Once we got our table, it was another hour just to get our food. I specifically said no onions, no pickles and when I got my burger, there were onions and pickles. If I'm going to be waiting at a restaurant for more than 2hrs I expect for them to treat me better. My friends ordered nachos with no chicken and they got chicken. Honestly, I will never go back. Never again cheesecake!
5 I'm satisfied with curbside pick up. Ordered online and it was ready within the timeframe listed. I wasn't expecting bread for a curbside pick up but to my surprise there was some bread for my dinner! I was above and beyond happy they did that for me, because I love the Cheesecake Factory bread, and having bread to sop up all the delicious sauces just made my meal so much better.
1 We ran in before a 2:30PM appointment, at around 1:50pm on Wednesday 10/7/15. We wanted a quick drink, ordered the margarita, and an app, ordered the tuna tartare. The bartender was a gentleman and super courteous. The tuna was DELICIOUS, and I normally do not like the food at Cheesecake Factories. This was good.
5 This place never ceases to Amaze me. And I'm talking about this precise location. The scenery is beautiful but that's just a plus for this fine Establishment. My Steak was cooked to Perfection and my Lady friends Shrimp Alfredo was beyond delicious. Now the only reason I'm giving it a rating of 4 stars is because of the Customer Service. Now on several occasions I've visited of course it was extremely busy but still is no excuse to me feeling a lil rushed to order as well as get out if not ordering desert. Other than that I will continue to visit one of my favorite places along the Marina.
4 Decided to order Valentine's Day dinner in for four of us. The order stated a 30 minute wait. No problem. Drove to the restaurant and the parking lot was a mess. The parking attendants were rude and unable to direct the vehicles out of a chaotic situation. Then the line to just pickup our order was another 20 minutes. I could see my order in a plastic bag just sitting on the counter (with several other bags) getting cold. When I finally got to the front of the pickup line, I checked my order and the steak was missing. They cooked an entirely new steak, but that of course took another 15-20 minutes. By then every other meal was cold and the cheesecake was warm. The system of food prepping and pickup is terrible. When the food is ready, call the name out and let the warm food go to the client! It was a Friday night, and the restaurant is not new. It is busy...always. No excuse for such poor service. I won't be ordering takeout here anymore. I advise you not to either.
1 Very disappointed! Nice cashier but terrible management. How do you run out of meatloaf on a Saturday during dinner time?
1 We were pleasantly surprised after reading several negative reviews about the Marina del Rey location. Yes, it's crowded - so plan on coming early and waiting. The view of the beach is worth the wait. Our server, Erin, was terrific. Not only was she attentive and helpful - she was funny and entertaining. The food was good - big portions and tasty - but it was the exceptional service made our experience that much better.
1 I have been to several of these restaurants around the country. This location seems to be one of the busiest and in my opinion, one of the dirtiest. When my wife and I were called, we were taken to a table piled with dishes and food fragments including on the chairs. We shouldn't have been escorted to the table until it was clean. The table and chairs were left wet and we had to dry them off with one of our napkins. What was absurd was that there was a clean unoccupied table on either side that remained unoccupied for the duration of our stay. Why we were left standing to look at a dirty table, waiting for it to be cleaned seems to be nonsensical. I ordered shepherds pie which came lukewarm at best, and seemed as though it had been prepared much earlier. I had to make a restroom stop on the way out. I was greeted by a man washing his legs at the sink and additional images that were absolutely disgusting and non hygienic. I won't go into detail. If the health department were to go in, I am guessing that CF would be in a heap of trouble, and may have been closed down. I was sick to my stomach for a few hours after leaving, and still am to some extent the next day. On top of everything, my wife was told that when she put out name down, that the table would be given to someone else if we didn't appear together within 5 minutes. We waited an hour and a half to be seated. And when she was called, the host behind the check in got her name completely wrong!! The *only* redeeming value of this location is that it has a patio with nice views of boats in the marina, although our table was obstructed from really seeing much. Be forewarned. This restaurant cares *only* about taking your money. Nothing else. There is no excuse this kind of experience.
4 This is the FIRST time I've been to a Cheesecake Factory where they are out of bread??? Yes, out of bread. During the entire dining experience (over an hour). OUT OF BREAD. How is that even possible? Our server was sweet and kept updating us that she was checking on the bread continuously. But my mimosa was watered down, AGAIN how is it even possible to water down a mimosa? I went with my usual chicken madeira dish. And much to my surprise (or little to my surprise based on all of the above) my dish consisted mainly of chicken fat and very little Madeira sauce. I guess next time I'm in the mood for CF I'll go to the location at the Americana or The grove. Wow.
4 This was by far the worst experience I have ever had at a Cheesecake Factory. If I could leave zero stars I would. This would probably explain why there was no wait time. Myself and two others ordered our food and all three dishes came out improperly served. Both spicy cashew chicken plates were extremely salty it was inedible. The medium well cheeseburger that I got came rare! It was so disgusting I lost my appetite. 20 min later after getting my burger the french fries come out. Seriously? I didn't order my burger as an appetizer and my fries as my entree... geez. Extremely disappointed and sadly my friends and I were looking forward to this evening. We will not be back. To top it off my drink wasn't even good. So I couldn't even buzz my way though this horrific experience.
4 5 stars for the location right by the beach and the service isn't the best but can't complain either for the price and it's beautiful view!!!
4 when at the cheesecake factory, get a cheese cake! the other stuff on the menu is nothing to write home about. Very nice location though, right on Mothers beach, next to the docks. Outside seating is recommended, lovely views and breeze from the ocean.
4 I went there for my bff's birthday party and ordered the "Herb crusted fillet of salmon", which came with mashed potatoes and asparagus. It was amazing!!!! The only downfall was that I wish I had ordered two plates, so I could've taken one home. ;-)
2.5 Service was great inside restaurant and food wonderful as usual. Parking attendants, however, lacked some motivation. Instead of greeting us at the entry way upon departure,  we had to wait seek them out at their KIOSk and then try to figure out where in the parking lot they were going to deliver  our vehicle. Not safe and somewhat confusing. Maybe the company is not paying them enough? They did not seem happy to be there. Maybe they need some training or higher wages. A smile and more enthusiasm may have gotten them more of a tip!
4 Completely ruined my birthday... I came from LB could have gone to Cerritos..but I wanted ambiance for my Bday....I could go into how awful everything was.. but just go and see your self.... AND THAT YOUNG MANAGER GAL, SERIOUSLY WHAT A... by far the worst manager ever! She will not give her name! We were forced to pay for our appetizer and lemon aide... we called back to see if we could get the MGR name and they kept hanging up... I've NEVER experienced such an experience... Never a Cheese Cake Factory ever again!!!
3.5 Normally I enjoy every time I come to this restaurant until tonight. Service was great, Kellie was phenomenal!  She was attentive & very helpful. But the food! out of 6 of us only 3 enjoyed their meal. The other 3 sent it back dissatisfied with no flavor and cold. They had no straws, no brown bread. I am not happy waiting for 40 minutes for food that was tasteless. Maybe another chef would do better!
3.5 I was hesitated to come to this location due to the reviews but me and my husband tried it last night and I had a great meal and the customer service was great. We had a few appetizers and a cocktail. Drinks were on the table within a few minutes. Our Waitress was very attentive and checked on us. We took a slice of cheesecake home and ohh man was it good. As far as parking there is public parking behind the valet but you do have to pay no big deal.
4 I've had a few good experiences here but more bad than good...... today was my final straw. Went inside checked in, gave my name and was given a buzzer, I was told it would be a 20-30 min wait. After about 45 mins went in to check about how much longer and was told the other host never put me in the system and we would be put at the top of the list but we still needed to wait 5 mins. After about 5 mins I returned my buzzer and drove to Cheesecake Factory across town in Cerritos. I spoke to the manager he apologized  but I was already over this place. I won't be back to this location, I've been disappointed a few too many times. Oh and let's not forget I still had to pay $7 for valet parking
5 Do not deserve a star. So the one star is because Yelp does not allow me to comment without a star. Worst service of all CF I've been. It's a shame because they are in a prime location.
1 Food was great -- even simple dishes were very impressively prepared. Our waiter, Brendan H. was amazing.
1 We love the Cheesecake Factory as a chain, but this location was the worst we've ever encountered. After waiting past quoted time, they sat us *no joke* in a dark corner with burnt out lights, and a locked door next to us pretending to be a wall, which was very likely against fire code. I have very good eyesight and I could not see my plate or utensils. We were so upset about the willingness to seat anyone at this table, we would have walked out if we weren't utilizing our gift cards for our hotel stay up the street. The service was bad, and food was average.
1 I write this review with a heavy heart as I have always considered Cheesecake Factory to be my comfort food haven. I wish I could have 2 different ratings for this place.1. In restaurant dining (4.5 - 5 stars): Service is solid, portions are massive, bread is plentiful, ambiance is spot on. The location seems to get extremely crowded, but hey it's a popular chain on the Marina.2. Take Out (0 - 1 stars): Up to one star based purely on the fact that the food was edible. I made the mistake of ordering take out this weekend and the list of complaints in quite expansive. to name a few- All of our meals seemed to be undercooked- Asked for extra pumpernickel bread - Got NO BREAD WHATSOEVER!- When called to confront about the bread was hung up onTake out was just lacking the TLC that I have grown to expect from such a well established chain. If you are in the mood for Cheesecake Factory, I would highly suggest steering clear of take out and enjoying your meal at the restaurant.
1 I hadn't been to a Cheesecake Factory in years and my husband had never been to one, so we weren't sure what to expect. But let me tell you, this location has made fans of both of us. We sat at the bar and Dominick made sure that we had a we were taken care of and never wanted for anything. The drinks were excellent the food was beyond expectations. We highly recommended the egg roll sampler, perfect for two. You guys are the best!! W'ell definitely be back!
3 I know I know, it feels ridiculous to give a chain restaurant like this 5 stars, but staff was great, the view from the outside seating was amazing and every dish they served our party of picky eaters was very well received (even the chicken and waffles were stellar). Gotta give credit where credits due, even if it's a large chain restaurant.
5 I had a great experience visiting the restaurant today. We came to celebrate my mom's birthday. We came on a Saturday afternoon (party of 5.) we were seated in less than 10 minutes. Our server was quick and very, very nice. Our food didn't take long to arrive, even though it was a busy day. The food quality was excellent. The server brought dessert with candles, and, she gathered other servers to sing happy birthday to my mom. We couldn't be happier with their level of service.
1 I love the food and yesterday i went with my sister and a couple of our friends when we got there they said the wait was 1 hour and 45 which was fine we walked on the beach, then we headed back to the restaurant and the two hostess said about 45 mins so we waited then our 45 mins was up so i asked her and she goes Another 45 to 50 mins i was like wait what. Rude staff there customer service is horrible i felt like she was moving us down and letting other people who just showed up to go ahead of us we ended up leaving. My advice train them better.
1 LOOOOL this is easily the worst Cheesecake Factory restaurant in America, and definitely the worst restaurant in Marina Del Rey period. I ordered a SKINNY MARGARITA. from the SKINNYLICIOUS menu. The ingredients are as follows: tequila, lime juice, triple sec. After 35 MINUTES, the first "skinny margarita" comes out. It came in a piña colada/ hurricane glass and it was ORANGE. With an orange garnish. Wtf??!! I took a sip and this was tequila, sparkling orange juice and some kind of sweet syrup. I asked for a skinny margarita for a reason. I have bad reactions to sweet alcoholic drinks. I ask my server (who was very kind and accommodating by the way) to speak to the manager and- surprise, surprise- this was a terrible experience. She proceeded to tell me "Cheesecake Factory makes their drinks different than other places". Ummm...pretty sure a skinny margarita is a skinny margarita. No orange juice there. I asked her how they can mislead customers by inaccurately describing the ingredients of a drink on their menu. "What if I was allergic to orange juice or agave water?" And she replied, "Usually people alert us of allergens before ordering a cocktail". Such BS. The next margarita came and it was in the same type of glass and had a TON of sour mix in it. I REPEAT- THE ABSENCE OF SOUR MIX IS WHAT MAKES A MARGARITA SKINNY. JESUS H CHRIST! I'm never coming back here. It's disgraceful that they can not prepare a skinny margarita correctly when it's literally listed on their menu. Such a shame because this restaurant is down the street from me and has a beautiful view. But it sucks.
5 We live nearby and our family have eaten here 4 times in the last 6 weeks: 3 times in the bar area and once in the inside dining area. The bar waiter even remembered mine and my wife's drink order from 3 nights earlier. Impressive! Also done some late night wanders over for some great takeout cheesecake. The fact we keep coming back speaks for itself. Could easily continue developing this habit!
1 Such a shame. Great location at the Marina. Most mediocre service I have experienced in 2015.You pull up and are forced to pay valet.then you wait and they seat you at the worst table overlooking tents.. Is this even a table? Ugh.Ask to move. Waitress acts like we are super high maintenance. Pleasant.
4 Every time we go we have to wait 30-40 minutes! So this time after waiting 45 minutes to be seated we waited another 30 minutes to be served!! The servers were overwhelmed and exhausted. The table had dirty silverware, the bread( we were told) not ready, and everybody on the edge! I saw the cooks, the servers sweeting and NOT happy! It was like a zoo! Executives, find a way not to overwork your people!! Maybe take reservations or find a way to have a more relaxing time for everybody including your staff! After many time going there I give up!
4 I am disgusted with the terrIble service at this restaurant. The restaurant manager was so disrespectful, charged us  more and was very rude. We didn't get our food until everyone was done eating. Never returning to this restaurant. Beyond disgusted with this terrible experience. We were forced to pay higher trip and got food poisoning. Please do not waste ur time going to this restaurant. Not a family friendly restaurant!!!!!!
4 Seriously waited an hour to get appetizers. Drink was done wrong.. Apparently a blue moon is needed for an old fashioned? Worst service ever.
4 I am always satisfied when I come to this Cheesecake Factory, I came with a party of 10 and they sat us down right away on a Monday afternoon. The view is great from outside and the food delicious. I recommend the meatballs and avocado rolls for appetizers. All their pastas are delicious as well. Make sure to save room for dessert!
4 This is by far the best Cheesecake Factory, due to the great atmosphere along the marina. Food is always solid and service is very attentive. Very consistent and never a long wait. If you are already a fan of this restaurant chain then make it to this one. You won't be disappointed!
2.5 We went on a Wednesday night, thinking we would be avoiding the crowd. Big mistake. Even though we sent a friend 20 mins ahead to put our name on the list (we were a party of 12), we ended up waiting another 90 minutes for our table. By that time, we were starving and annoyed that our Mom (who was celebrating her 75th birthday) was forced to wait so long on what was supposed to be a fun night. After inquiring about our table repeatedly and even offering to split the party up into 3 just so we could sit down, the manager Devonte stepped in and made it happen. He seated us, immediately took our drink orders and stepped in several times to help our server, Benjamin, who was also fantastic. Together, they alleviated our frustration and went out of their way to make sure we were all satisfied. We were so pleased that we tried to tip Devonte at the end of dinner (which he politely refused). So we made sure that Benjamin knew how much is great service was appreciated. Would I go again with a large party? Not likely. But I'd definitely go with a smaller group, primarily because of the service we received!
4 I've been to Cheesecake Factory many times at The Grove and Beverly Hills but this was my first time trying it at Marina Del Rey! Valet was quick and easy. The wait was approximately 20 minutes for outside seating (which has a view of the beach below and the buildings around). Ordered the Chicken Parmesan "Pizza Style" which is a bread crumb covered chicken breast with marinara and mozzarella on top with angel hair noodles topped with alfredo sauce. I could not finish the chicken breast but I finished the pasta on top, which all in all was amazing.
3.5 Currently Here For Lunch and At The Bar It's a Big Pit Bull and the owner is claiming it's a service dog. I asked the manager was that a service dog because the dog lacked the service dog tag or vest and he said he spoke with her and she said yes. She did NOT provide any documentation (paperwork etc...) all service dogs in the state of California MUST have some type of sign so it is known to be a service dog. This dog is barking and begging for food come on this dog is NOT a service dog lol it's really pissing me off. The bar area reeks of dog and it's disgusting. I wish I could leave but I have to get back to work.
3.5 The general manager John and server Rachele was very attentive even when the restaurant was super busy. The food came out on time and met the same tastes as other Cheesecake Factory locations.
4 This location of cheesecake factory is truly a step above the rest. The views of the marina, the busy tourist atmosphere and amazing service with a good selection of food make it worth a trip if you are staying nearby. The food quality is consistent, service prompt and taste satisfying. Our usual entrees include the smokehouse burger which they cook perfectly pink with caramelized onions and bbq sauce on top. Fries are best served with their own ranch. It's one of the few big chain restaurants I continue to go to.
4 Always top notch food and service. Can't go wrong!
1 If I could give this place zero stars I would. Ate here last night for a friends birthday and I got food poisoning. Service was slow also. My contaminated meal wasn't even hot when it came out.
1 We originally thought that coming to the Marina location would be a peaceful and serene experience, but it was nothing close to it. This past Saturday was the busiest night ever it seemed and people were everywhere doing everything. The location is steps away from Mother's Beach, so families who were waiting to be seated, played on the beach swings and slides. It was cold, so smokers huddled together to smoke cigarettes just outside the main entrance. There was a narrow path leading to the booth where we needed to sign in and get a table. We were told that the wait was 45 minutes. We actually waited a hour and 20 minutes. We heard stacks of dishes dropping to the floor, children running through the crowded entryway and people talking loudly on their cellphones. Once seated, it all changed. Our waiter was attentive and made jokes about how busy the night had been. Our food was delicious and seasoned perfectly. Upon exiting, valet charged me $7 and I was over it all.
1 Terrible service at this Cheesecake Factory. As a loyal customer for 3 years, tonight I ordered takeout for pickup. When I arrived to pick up my order, the parking lot was a total disaster, I was dropped off and waited outside in the back to pick up my to go order. When I got home, I realized items were missing such as the $8 grilled shrimp that went with the Caesar salad. I tried to call Cheesecake Factory for over an hour and they kept putting me on hold and dropping the call. Finally I spoke with a manager after calling back several times and he told me he could not do anything for me, since I had ordered through DoorDash. I explained that I picked up the order myself, and his staff forgot to check that the order was correct. He basically said sorry and couldn't do anything about it, did not try to offer any solutions to make it right. While I do love my cheesecake, I'll think twice before visiting this location again.
5 I placed an order for curbside pickup today making sure to put any edits to my order in the notes section for each item. When I arrive I pull into a curbside spot and call per the instructions, a male finally answers the phone and ask my name and the make of my car. He then tells me someone will be out with my order. I'm sitting there waiting when the person in the car next to me tells me I need to go to the front. I tell her "no, they said they are bringing it out" she tells me they told her the same thing and she needed to go to the front. I get out of my car and go to the front and give them my name, they instantly hand me my order. I get to the car to review my order. I notice they did not give me the correct dipping sauce nor the extra dressing I requested. I return back to the front and ask for the correct sauce and an extra dressing, the young lady speaks into her walkie requesting the items. After about 6 minutes another woman comes out and ask me what I need. I tell her a ranch and an extra dressing. She proceeds to tell me that there is a fee for the extra dressing. I say well I put it in my notes online and mind you the first girl never mentioned a fee. I have gone to several restaurants during this pandemic and curbside has been very convenient everywhere but here!!!!!
4 If you don't like the Cheesecake Factory, I feel like there is something wrong. With you. How could you not! This restaurant's diverse menu is meant to appease all foodies and eaters. Arguably one of the best table bread offerings out there for sure! This is going to sound very odd but order a side of ranch for your brown bread (just try it first). Here is my top 5 favorite options from here: korean deep fried cauliflowers (ZOMG TRY THIS PLZ), the cheeseburger egg rolls (I DIE), fried mac and cheese balls, bbq chicken ranch salad, thai style bang bang chicken and shrimp curry. I've also had other noodles and specialty dishes and never had a dish that I didn't like. The only downside to this location is the valet is not cheap and there isn't another option for parking. The upside is the view of the beach and their outdoor patio. This location was easily previously a chart house. Yes, the outdoor patio is that nice! They have heat lamps when it's cold, and plenty of umbrellas when there is sun. The staff are all super nice every time I go. Look, we all know that the Cheesecake Factory doesn't take reservations, so just plan around that and don't visit at peak dining hours (go for early lunch or early dinner). I really respect the menu planning and supply chain required to maintain such a large menu.
2 We had a bad experience at past Sunday we were there with a group of friends I ate Cajun chicken litters taste wasn't right my husband ate bafullo chicken blast we come home he couldn't hold in more he throw up he wasn't feeling on the way we are coming home My kids love cheesecake we go all the location but this time it wasn't great
1 I have 2 small kids and my husband works a lot. I have high expections when we dine out alone. I've been to this location, countless times-which was actually my favorite CCF until today. Where do I start?!  1. They sat us behind  the most rude classless family ever. They had 3 kids  around 9-10 all 3 running around  the table yelling bumping into my seat climbing the patrician - the entire time2.  Next to them sat a herd of yackle. They were so loud I COULDN'T  hear myself. 3. The guy who cleaned the table next to us, hit me in the face with  his dirty towel, as he swung it under his arm.  He did not bother say sorry. 4. The waiter NEVER BROUGHT bread. He didn't  offer any either.5. There were flies buzzing about 6. The chicken tasted like the frozen kind I keep in my refrigerator. The shrimp was mushy ( Jamaican black pepper chicken and shrimp) Ive been ordering the exact same item for  12-15 years. Creature of habit.7. Our waiter may have been new. He left a lot to be desired-  when it comes to customer service. We never got our receipt and to top it off, I had to ask him for my husbands credit card because he forgot it at the cashier area. I told my husband that I would NEVER EVER GO BACK TO THIS CCF EVER!!! NEVER!!!! THIS EXPERIENCE  WAS THE WORST EVER! THIS LOCATION IS NO LONGER A PLACE FOR ME TO ENJOY A DATE WITH MY HUSBAND. --
1 opinion. Factory has become overrated in the past few years. Service make the food taste meh... I don't understand how management puts one server in charge of a table of 10. Horrible le experience, nonetheless this location is a hit and miss.
5 I had one of the best dining experiences here. Last night I took my daughter for a belated birthday dinner and I thought I would have to wait like 40 mins or more because it was packed. To my surprise we only waited less that two minutes and got a lovely a seat outside with heater. The food server, John M, was outstanding. He gave me and my family excellent service. It may our whole experience awesome and special for my daughter bday. The food even did not take long to come to the table. I have come to this place many times and always was good service but last night I felt the food server went above and beyond to give us the best quality of service.
4 This location is hit or miss. Sometimes our food is amazing, sometimes it's served still cold. The cheesecake is always on point though!
4 I used to go to this location because of its incredible view and tradition but last Sunday was the last time I went. It was my birthday and it became a nightmare. The waiting time was one hour and 15 minutes, but when we got there for our turn the host had made a mistake and gave our place to someone else, which added to our waiting time 20 MORE minutes. This is outrageous and really disrespectful.I was never able to get a manager to talk because everyone is too busy that they forget they tend to humans. Not only that, my mom and I ordered pasta carbonara and we both had a horrible food poisoning. We went to the bathroom when the dinner was over and We could not use them because it was unhygienic. The place stunk that no human being wanted to be there. That was the WORST experience ever and I want to tell you that your restaurant sucks!
4 Who don't like the cheese cake factory!  Every thing is good. Love the ambiance and the architecture. The food is delish.
4 Have always been a fan the this restaurant chain, probably because I have a tremendous sweet tooth. I make to try a different cheesecake just about every time. This time I went with the Dulce de leche, and I had to wash it down with a well mannered martini. What I don't like is how they basically force you into using their valet service, and now they charge extra for the bleu cheese stuffed olives in the martini.
4 Went here for lunch the other day for the first time, I liked the fact it was pull up valet service. I had the cashew chicken with the sauce on the side. I couldn't believe how good the food was and the view was amazing. I forgot to mention when we arrived we we're greeted by the awesome manager Mark, he made our experience awesome by recommending the food and great outdoor patio seating. My date loved the view, thanks Mark. We will definitely be coming back.
2.5 Went here for lunch the other day for the first time, I liked the fact it was pull up valet service. I had the cashew chicken with the sauce on the side. I couldn't believe how good the food was and the view was amazing. I forgot to mention when we arrived we we're greeted by the awesome manager Mark Beaver, he made our experience awesome by recommending the food and great outdoor patio seating. My date loved the view, thanks Mark. We will definitely be coming back.
4 Amazing keeper. Didnt recognize the name. A dark eyed man about 35-40 age , short hair. Best ever!Amazing food, Will return soon
3.5 I give 5 stars for service, there are some lovely ppl working there I give 4.5 stars for the view if you sit outside, don't sit inside though it is really noisy and dark, you pay for the ambience so it not worth the price I give 3.8 star for the food and the cheese cake, the food is okay, not really exciting or delicious, the food is okay. A piña colada is $9.5, most the dishes are over $15 , cheese cake is $7.5, for a lunch for two cost us over $80 so it's a bit pricy, but the overall experience seems matches the cost, we will go back I think.
3.5 We seriously had the best server we've ever had here for lunch. His name was Elias, and He was attentive, knowledgable, helpful with my nut allergies, on top of all our needs, had great suggestions, and fast, personable service. We will defiantly be back because of this server! What an awesome day! Thank you!
4 Its the first cheesecake that really has to work on their service. The waitress and waiters are great! But the management really needs work.
5 Went there today and was seated quickly. After 8 minutes no one had approached us to ask if we wanted a drink or bread.Three tables that had been seated after us were given drinks and bread.The final straw was when a waiter put bread on a large table for a large group that was not even seated yet.We left, and as we were leaving the hostess asked why we were leaving. We told her and she asked if we wanted to speak to the manager. We said yes but after yet another 6 minutes of waiting he did not show up either.Disgraceful, disgusting and absolutely not what one would expect from the Cheesecake Factory.
5 Used to be good, now isn't.
1 I've been very busy with the holidays coming but found it very necessary to write this review. I have been coming here for over 25 years. My aunt, son and I decided to go on Dec 11th... Besides terrible drinks, everything was going decently well until I ordered food to-go for my husband. I asked for his food to come with rice instead of pasta and not to have bell peppers. When they brought the food to me. They gave it to me totally wrong and disgusting looking. A ton of dry rice, dry shrimp and sauce in a cup. All for $20 something...I don't think so! I sent it back. The server sends the manager over to our table. She said that it was a misunderstanding and that she could make it again. At that point I was ready to go. It was late and I had my 2 1/2yr old with me. I didn't want to wait. I told her it was ok. She says to me well it's just a misunderstanding, we can make it again. And kind of with a pushy attitude. Again I said, I understand that it was a misunderstanding but no it's ok. She suddenly gets a major attitude and snatches the food off our table and walks away. I have never experienced such disrespect In a restaurant in my life. Why the hell would someone get mad at not having to re-do an order?? I was so angry I wanted to curse her out and definitely didn't want to pay for our bill. Every time I think about it, it makes me angry. I have pictures below of what the order was suppose to look like sub rice and what was given to me. But the thing is I don't even care that the kitchen dropped the ball on presentation and my order. Her attitude killed it for me. Very rude, I was totally disgusted!!!
5 This Marina del Rey location is the worst Cheesecake Factory franchise.  Went there tonight at 7:00PM and weren't seated until 8:30PM - and it was outside in the patio.  The hostess is the worst.  Informed her that there was a huge puddle of water by the door and she thanked me and said that she'll have it taken care of but people came and went stepping on that puddle and she didn't send anyone.  Lawsuit waiting to happen.    We asked for a refill of the bread basket - there were 7 in our party and our waiter gave us 3 more pieces and was told that the manager was limiting the bread.  Ordered cheesecakes to go and my daughter ordered Dulce de Leche and when we got home, she saw that it had been sprinkled with nuts even though that wasn't what was displayed- my daughter is allergic to nuts!  Our waiter is really nice though ... he was the only positive thing in our dining experience!
5 Me and Fiance went to this location on Saturday night, while waiting we decided to go to the bar to have a drink. We placed our drink order with the female bartender (at the bar seating ). Ms.Bartender bought us our CHECK BEFORE she bought us our drinks.  I then asked her is this the normal/new policy, she came with some BS excuse, If this is how you plan on treat your customers your tip will always be  $0.00,,,   Your not the only location in southern CA
4 Only Reason...I give this a one star is because the parking is Horrible and Valet service is RUDE. Valet actually hit our car with a car he was parking and said we were parked in Valet area which it wasn't because he stated they use that lot for over flow so technically we were in the right. He said nothing about hitting our car and just ran away. Luckily he didn't do any damage to our car so I just left.Don't trust your cars with Valet. Management needs to do something maybe find another Valet company. Parking lot isn't big enough for the restaurant volume.Cheesecake is great but not worth the headache trying to get your car parked or worried that its going to be damaged. Find another Cheese Cake Factory near by.
1 The worst service ever!I've been coming here since 1994, but last time I came six months ago and I left unhappy from the service, I thought it was a long day for the service crew. Today I tried my luck again but even worseI finished my salad without a drink & waited more then 35 minutes for our food.I think management has been changed!My advice not to go there unless you have no
3 I ordered take out from the MDR location.  There was human hair in not one but 2 dishes I ordered.  I called to speak to Christina the manager about the incident.  She was not aware of the word food sanitation I explained it to her.  She had me email pictures, I asked how the situation would be mitigated and she said once she got the pictures it would be taken care of.  It's been a week I've left 3 messages for her with other managers and no one has responded to me.  I'll resend the email but this time with the health department on it.  Customer care, I'm not going to a website to submit another complaint.  Cut the head off the snake here fire your managers they are such a joke.  Another one assumed my gender over the phone and was wrong! Highly offensive, unprofessional.  Cheesecake never again.
2 Whoever the heavy set hispanic lady wearing a dress is on 10/29/17 8pm-ish was rude. My friend & I went to go give her our names for a table& we we got to her she didn't even look at us she just continued laughing & talking to other workers. When she finally decided she was done talking, we decided we were done being there & left the restaurant. Bad service!!!!!!!!!!
1 Although we hade a bad initial experience,  this place always delivers. To get over the bad experience, while waiting for our table (30 min for outdoor seating), I asked the waiter for two glasses of water. She declined my request and refered me to our waiter. I asked a random waiter for two glasses of water and she too was reluctant to help. What happened to customer service? In any case, management were eager to help got us water quickly. Thank you. I have been to this CF before and I love the place because of its water view. The food is delicious as always and usually the waiters are attentive as well. Parking is valet parking only and they charge $4.50.
4 I went to the Cheesecake Factory in Marina yesterday and it was an awful experience. I'm a client of the restaurant in other locations in LA like The Grove or Glendale. But this store lack in every aspect of the dinning experience. The restaurant was dirty, the bathrooms were disgusting, all wet, with toilet paper thrown all around looking like a public bathroom. When i placed my order I requested to add shrimp to it, and after the food came I complained twice that I was missing the shrimp and even though they said "give me 2 min, i will bring right out to you", it never made to the table. The complimentary bread took forever to come and we could never find a waiter on reach to request our order. The food was terrible. Tasteless. I requested extra sauce for my pan seared fish dish because it was too dry, and took forever again for them to bring. Definitely not a traditional treatment when it comes to a restaurant that carries great reputation all over the country. The Marina store needs some serious management to keep up with the other LA stores.
4 Food is ok so I gave them yet another chance but this location can not get an order right to save their lives. This time I ordered take out since the wait staff is also pretty inattentive and I live nearby. They screwed up the order again. It was all in the computer correctly but they sent only part of one of the entrees. The Tuscan Chicken is supposed to come on a bed of Faro and they just dumped the chicken in a container. Screw this place if you want your order correct eat elsewhere. So I called and spoke to the manager who agreed yes it is supposed to come on a bed of Faro and with Tomatoes but can't comprehend that they made a mistake and should do something about it so because they cannot recover from a screw up I give them only 2 stars. They truly should not be in business.
4 I got food poisoned at this place. I had the chicken Alfredo at 9 pm and had to wake up at around 1 and got to emergency after vomiting a few times. I am very disappointed...I kept all the documents I need to take them to small claims court. Because my wife had the same problem I am going to act on it. She woke around 1:30 AM and felt the same way... suddenly she fainted and hit her head on the stove and wall :-( pretty scary. I called 911 but after she came back to life ! I asked them not to come and went to emergency room. Please be aware and at least take caution if you ever decided to try this place.
4 There is good news and there is bad news.  First, the bad news:A few month's ago, I visited on a weekend and the long waits and the screaming kids, running up and down the aisle made for an unpleasant experience in spite of the great food.This time, we went for a late lunch on a Thursday and there were no lines, no screaming kids, a wonderful, attentive server and great food.  (I had this amazingly delicious vegetarian salad topped with their house vinaigrette which was the best such dressing I've ever tasted -- not overly salty or sweet or oily -- just perfect.Now, the bad news...The men's room look like a war zone.  I don't know if it's supposed to be dark in there but I could BARELY see my hand in front of my face.  The trash bins were overflowing, and there was wet paper towels on the floor (a trip hazard). My lunch companion told me that the ladies' room looked about the same.
4 This is my fav location because the other Cheesecake Factory do not cook my Louisiana chicken pasta  dish.  Very generous portions here and leftover for the next day.  This place is great for large gathering too!Huge line moves quickly
2.5 Horrible Customer Service starting with the female manager. There was a huge crowd outside waiting for the order pick up with just one person and a table full of meals ready to be delivered. I and ask to ask if someone that cam assist outside and she tells me there is nothing she can do. i ask to speak to her manager and all she tells me was that she was inside the restaurant that i can go in and speak to her. So i go in and to my surprise they were heavily overstaffed inside but not outside. Manager didn't apologize and just went to go look for my food. Although I wanted her to send help outside or herself assist her team outside. My food was just finishing getting packed and she told me next time to approach the tent when I get a text. As she was walking away from me I let her know that the website stated my food would be ready at 8:20 and it was now 8:40. The person right at the entrance could've brought the manager to me instead of me looking for the manager and the manager could have at least acted like she cared and acknowledged the issue i stead of saying she already had a team outside which clearly needed help.
4 This place is amazing..server is friendly professional very helpful very nice..very tentative Diana is her name service is great
3.5 Always Good!  The watress' & waiters' always pleasant.The Food is outstanding!!It looks as though there are two new managers; they are awesome!SweetPea
3.5 Management here is very unprofessional. After ordering a mango lime cheesecake my son didn't like it and Kamaar refused to take it off the bill and I feel injustice because I'm forced to pay for a cake I don't like. He only took one bite. Bad customer service.
4 even thought it was Valentines weekend and it was a crazy busy day , with reservation I only waited 15min to be seated . Mind you this was dinner time. Didn't wait long for drinks and appetizers. Food was a little bit slower but it was understandable the place was very very very busy.  I love this location always worth the drive and small wait .
2 I came to this location on 9/25/2020 and received excellent service from Darwon. He made sure I enjoyed my birthday at the Cheesecake Factory. Thanks a lot!
3 I went with my friend and we sat on the outside dining area, the view is so beautiful. I got a tropical smothie and pizza with a salad. Everything was really good but the only problem was the waiter. She was nice but she would take forever and she even forgot about us. We ended up asking another waiter to help us but overall it was good :)
5 The good: customer service was solid, our server Mark was attentive and friendly, Louisiana chx pasta was delicious.The bad: surprisingly the cherry cheesecake was subpar. Last time I had Oreo which was really good.The ugly: valet attendants were lazy and unfriendly. We had to search them out to give them our ticket.
1 I love the food!  However, the seating is too claustrophobic.  The tables are literally a foot apart from each other.  I can perfectly hear the conversation of the table next to us even if they whispered.  Of course, it just so happened the most annoying lady was seated next to us talking about subjects that were not Cheesecake Factory appropriate.Spaghetti & Meatballs is my favorite, I have them add crushed red chili peppers.
4 If I could give this a zero, I would! I had a horrible experience at this  cheesecake factory! I made a reservation online and got the confirmation, as required. My party get there on time and we're told our name isn't on the list.  I asked the host to please check again, but he's brushing me aside like I am in the way.  I have not been so humiliated in a long time. I understand that it's been a pandemic and all, but wow, just wow! It was my nieces 20th birthday.  She asked is it because we were BLACK to me. I do not know, if it was or he/host was prioritizing privileged. He says my name isn't there and stop communicating with us. One of our guess that was 6'9 inches was speak with another employee at the desk saw my name and told him there's her name and he sat us after saying three times there's her name. What kind of blatantly looking over unequal reservation system does the cheesecake factory have in America in 2021? I am disabled and had a boot on my foot from a procedure, but I had a cane and was dressed in an after five dinner dress. My guess were dressed appropriate for dinner. My guess that saw my name and got us seated said that they saw my reservation but they didn't see it. I will never go back to the cheesecake factory and I will tell everyone that will listen of my experience.  My niece's birthday from me was spoiled and she did not deserve to experience this. She's an honor student at Michigan State University with a double major and she say that this experience has left her bruised and feeling some kind of way. If the cheesecake factory is going to use this kind behavior toward their customers, you should train your employees to hide the reservations so the customers can't see it or be more pleasant telling us a lie. Here's my reservations: Don't forget! You have plans @ 8PM for 4 @ The Cheesecake Fa.... Confirm your reservation here https://yelp.to/LX2lsQmpPgb [Powered by Yelp]
2 Decent food with an extensive menu. We love to go here when we need an easy dinner. Convenient if it's not a long wait.
3 Rushed service for my experience. Great food and environment but our waiter dint ask if I was done eating and literally took the plate while I was still eating...sadly I dint like the way I was served...
4 Rushed service for my experience. Great food and environment but our waiter dint ask if I was done eating and literally took the plate while I was still eating...sadly I dint like the way I was served...
3 It's been a while since I last visited the Cheesecake Factory in the Marina but I was presently surprised. We ordered the Fried Catfish with string beans, corn and mash potatoes which was very good. Three large pieces of Catfish very light and tender without having a heavy batter that normally kills the taste of the fish. We had the Cob salad as well and it was very good. The service was great and our waiter was exceptional.
5 SUPER POOR SERVICE. From the first moment we walked in, I was greeted by a lazy hostess who asked if I wanted to sit inside or outside. When I said outside she happily said to get out quickly because there is no wait and I needed to go out with my party. We went to the outside area and I told the girl we needed a table for 4 adults and 3 kids. She then proceeded to rudely cut me off and left TO LOOK FOR A TABLE.. yes - the hostess left us there while she was walking around the place checking for a table. Then, some short Asian dude (looked like a manager) came and said there were no more tables and the place was packed. I explained we were just told to come out there to be seated right away and he was like no. Then, the hostess came back and told him there were no tables but tried coming up with a solution but the dude said no and said we could sit in the lounge area or leave. I asked how long it would be and the answer was "long". We decided to do the lounge as we were all there already. We sat at a table and asked the waiter to turn in the little heater but guess what: not working. We are something quickly and left. If we didn't have three hungry toddlers we would have left right away. While Cheesecake Factory is in general three stars (foodwise) this place was subpar because of management and service.
4 I love Cheese Cake Factory. Except when you order one thing and get another. The last time I was at this location, about a year ago, I ordered Ahi Carpaccio. The fish that came out was a white fish, probably albacore, not red Ahi. At the time I was suspicious but not sure. When I was at a different Cheese Cake factory and ordered Ahi Carpaccio the fish came out red as Ahi should be. The server told me that Ahi is always red and that if it wasn't it was a different fish. So I'm eating at this location as I'm writing this. Brought this to the attention to the manager, Teresa. She did not offer to correct the last mishap saying  that it was a year ago and that she would not accommodate in any way. Horrible customer service.Also the pasta that came with our Chicken Piccata today was super salty.Even though I love this location for being right next to the Marina, this place does not have their act together.Oh yeah, I totally forgot that last time our server spilled a beverage on me. Even though she apologized they did not offer any discount or complimentary desert. I didn't ask for anything last time, but still...
4 It would be nice if this place took reservations as they did in the past, but they don't during this covid restriction. Showed up at 7pm, was told it closes at 9 and that most likely we won't get a patio table and it's best to just do take out...this was after my ride dropped us off. Walked down to another restaurant in Marina del rey and ate there.
4 I have never done a review because I hate to be petty but this was unacceptable.. I ordered a take out pasta to eat at home. midway through my meal i scooped up a WOODEN SANDWICH PICK and almost put it in my mouth. Luckily i was looking or else i could have hurt myself. I felt disgusted and threw the meal away, i dont even know if it was used or not but that ruined my day.. to top it off it was my b day meal that i wanted. Do not recommend after that
4 This was terrible everything started off good then we got our food barely started eating then a bug crawled out of the food. The manager came out and tried to argue to us that the bug did not come out of the pasta and tried to make us pay. We were so disgusted and the manager's attitude about it was not good. We will never eat here every again and I really don't recommend eating here we were treated like crap.
4 Had reservations at 4:30 didn't get seated until after 5pm ordered food at 5:15, at 6 pm we were told one of the dishes were taking longer than expected and they want to bring everything out at the same time at 6:45 when everyone else food finally came the server told us the they ran out of this dish I had already been told was almost done and instead I was offered soup or salad. As you can imagine after all this time I just wanted my dish so I declined the offer and was "upgraded to a offer of a slice of cheesecake" who would pass on a free cheesecake so I told them which I would like and if the could make it Togo at this point I asked for a manager. I waiting over 15mins and with no manager in site I went looking for one, just my luck found one and miraculously the have the dish now being made. The manager asked if I still wanted the dish and if so he would remove it from the bill I told I definitely am still hungry and wanted my food but at this point the rest of my party was done eating so I would also like to take it Togo. The manager personally brought my food to the table 20mins later and told me he was sorry and again not to worry about my food or cheesecake. The server came back with everyone cheesecakes (only mine being compensated which is all we were expecting) and proceeded to tell us that her manager was upset with her for offering me free food and that they would cover the food and not the cheesecake so now I have a cheesecake that I was offered and now being forced to pay for. So of course once again I asked for a manager he came over said he would take care of it. Bill came for $62 so we assumed the took a lot more off the bill due to the situation with no hesitation my husband handed them his card because at this point we were ready to go when the receipt came back for him to sign it was for $162. The server had gave us a different tables bill but went to the back and realized and charged up the actual bill which was not a problem but I think she should have told us about the mistake first. Then we find out we were still charged for that DAMN cheesecake. At this point they had to refund us and recharge us because of all the back and forth now our bank has flagged our account thinking it fraud do to the charge, refund , and recharge. Although it was a nice view I would never go back on a weekend I think the maybe the overbooked and understaffed on weekends.
2.5 Horrible horrible service. Got to the restaurant around 6:30pm on a Wednesday and was told a table would be ready in 45 mins, which is understandable since it was dinner time. Until our 45 min wait turned into an hour 40 wait for 8 people. My party went up numerous times to check in and see what is happening with our table. Once it hit hour 30 they decided to finally move our table location and we got a table. Once we sat down our waiter did his best to take care of us but we didn't get 1 of our appetizers we ordered, food came out cold, and one person didn't get their food until 20 mins after everyone else. The tables next to us that got their after we sat down got their food before we did and left before we even had half of the food at the table. Bad service, which definitely comes from the management. Won't be going back to this cheesecake
4 I came on a Saturday night, they said it would be 1 hour and a half to 1 hour and 45 min. We did not get a table for over two hours. Then we finally sit down and Andrew is taking care of our table. He did let us know he has only been working there for a couple weeks. We noticed the plates were a little skimpy. I mean why pay 20 bucks for something so tiny. Three of us got the same food, some chicken was burnt, some had less chicken or pasta, and some pastas looked darker than other, that's a little confusing. Then  Victoria who brought the food just seemed like she was not having a great day. She threw our food on the table, did not say any words, pushed my sister because she was going through, and had a rude attitude. We told Andrew about the situation and he said she has been working all day and to do a double shift. I understand that's very difficult but now we are unhappy and not enjoying our food. So is Cheesecake Factory worth it? I would say this time it wasn't. I have gone there and have has the nicest hostess and enjoyed my food. This time it was horrible.
3.5 I was here on Monday for my 1 year anniversary and it surely did not meet my expectations.  I've gone to several cheesecake factories because the food is standard and of course, I love the cheesecake but this specific location needs lots of improvement when it comes to service.  Typically, I expect to wait 30 or more minutes to be seated.  It is usually a given and in this case, it was true.  However, usually after you are seated, service tends to shine.  This time around, once we were seated, it took over ten minutes to see a server.   By the time our server Tim arrived, I ended up ordering drinks and food at once.  We even had to request eating utensils because the table was not set properly.  Tim seemed really annoyed when I placed our order for food, drinks, utensils and bread at the same time.  After some time passed, we finally got some bread delivered but no utensils or drinks.  By the time I got utensils, the bread was cold.  I would have requested a new batch of bread if I knew i would not have to wait long.  I eventually got my utensils and drink just before my food was served.  When my food finally arrived, the server never bothered to return and ask us how our food tasted.  By the time someone came over, it was the manager who had noticed I barely touched my food.  I was already annoyed by the lack of service that I lost my appetite.  This was probably the first time I even chose to leave without cheesecake.  I just wanted to leave.
3.5 So, I arrived at 4:14 & was told it would be a 40 minute wait. It's now 5:11 I'm being told to wait another 15 minutes for them to clean table. I'm no genius, but, I'm an expert on service. Before I'm able to eat I'm annoyed. I get that it's Saturday. A very busy time. I expect you to be honest with me. I have 2 guest with me both are pregnant. Very pregnant. After waiting an hour, we ask the hostess how much longer? She responds " I just got here so, maybe another 14 mins". So after waiting 1 hour & 15 minutes. We are finally seated. The food was average, I ordered the salmon. The service of the waiter was excellent.  Don't know if I'll be back.
4 Wow. Their Sunday brunch just became Saturday too. If you want amazing pancakes, great coffee, lovely view, and a refreshing morning after the Marina Del Rey Farmer's Market, come here. It's a great spot. The patio is lovely all times of day, and super romantic at night. Also, after a few brunches, I decided to have my son's birthday party at this location due to the kid's park at mothers beach, just steps away. And Mark, the manager, and Christina were fantastic to deal with. I did spend money on their food for the event, but they went above and beyond to make sure it was nice. Thank you for your amazing brunch and your lovely people, Cheesecake Factory MDR! No wonder the lines are so long to get in!
1 Great view and locaton are the only reasons I'm not giving this one star. From the moment I sit down, the silverware and plates are dirty.  The food smells.  I have to fight tiny flies for my space and even saw a bug crawling on the table.  Gross.If you have to eat here, sit outside.
1 absolutely ridiculous. they made us wait 45 minutes before telling us they can't seat us because of the type of masks we were wearing, meanwhile a whole family was standing right next to us and was seated while not wearing any masks at all. everyone already sitting down wasn't wearing one either, it's like that everywhere. so annoying
1 This place is terrible the wait is always ridiculous staff is unprofessional instead of helping customers they huddle around each other like caddle in a herd!  The only reason I come back is because I have vouchers to use that's it other than that this place can kiss my azz!
2 I ordered a cobb salad, fettuccini alfredo and 2 pieces of cheesecake.   When i got home after picking up the food, i noticed there was no salad dressing in the salad.  I called and spoke to a manager, she said they would send a complimentary salad reimbursement.  It's been 3 weeks and still no reimbursement.  What happened to the customer is always right.  Am very disappointed in the way this was handled.  I will not recommend cheesecake factory to any of my friends.
5 I've been to a lot of cheesecake factories and I love their food usually. This location is a pretty big exception. The service is absolutely horrendous. Take out is awful- it will come soggy and the takeout person basically threw my food at me. The eat in is super cluttered and the service is bad. It's very sad because this is my local cheesecake and i wish it was better !
2 I will never go back there I waited for the food for 2 Hour The spaghetti Very dry no test Did forgot to put the cheese And also forget the bread and the butter And I don't believe they put any sauce on it My bill was over $100 And all the food Got wished it I called the manager All she say I'm sorry I'll check with the kitchen And then she hung up on me What a rude way to tweet a customer I tell you I will never go back there again That  place should be called the food factory not the cheesecake factory because the food is like a factory And does not taste good
1 The worst food ever! I live close by and I expected my order to be right and tasteful. I send my children to pick up and the Spaghetti was dry, I couldn't eat anything. It was awful experience! They forgot to put the bread and the cheese. I called the manager and all she could say, I'm sorry. She didn't try to resolve the problem. She didn't car. I don't Recommend it at all. It was Expensive and not worth it.
1 This was the worst experiences my family and I have had so far at this location. I would not even give one star if I had an option. I mean all Cheesecake service sucks and the food is whatever. This visit was horrible my brother had a cheeseburger and the meat had plastic film in it. We spoke to the manager and he didn't even care his words where we use plastic to wrap the meat and stuff like this happens. I was shocked and we returned the meal we didn't even finish the meal and paid and left. This place sucks
2 This is a location we regularly go to/order from but since the pandemic has been bad we've had to resort to pick up and that's completely understandable. Despite this, server named Martha H got our orders wrong despite being told multiple times, thoroughly, what it was. A burger we ordered was completely wrong, not a semblance of the preferences we requested. We also were almost cheated out of bread/butter condiments until a different server had to give it to us because he recognized we got none. It seemed like there was reluctance to actually check the order when we just wanted to make sure everything was correct instead of being treated like we were stupid or something. For a order that was over 100$ I expected better service but this was pretty disappointing.
1 May be paranoid but when I went during COVID it appeared as if the host segregated the seating. There were only African Americans seated below. Felt really strange. Typically I love Cheesecake Factory but if I go back and the same thing happens. I will be starting a Bob Evans class action!!!
4 They messed up my order but otherwise it was ok. Its the kind of restaurant you only go once a year. Service is so so and the spot is very noisy. Will probably never go back to this location.
4 Great place! Loved the Thai coconut chicken rice. Portions are very generous and place is kid friendly. Service is great too! Highly recommended.
4 I'm really not the type to write Yelp reviews but after my visit to this restaurant today, I felt the need to write one. We went to Cheesecake Factory today to have a nice lunch, something we never do because my husband always works Saturdays.  We get there and we asked to be seated outside, so far everything was good.  We were seated and after that NO ONE came to our table, after 10 minutes a waitress came and put bread on our table, not even a hi from her.  I asked for water and waited for like 5-7 minutes but at that time we decided to get up and leave.  What bother me the most was that other families came in after us and were served and we couldn't even get a cup of tap water.  Never going there again.
4 WORST!!! If I could have given them ZERO stars, I would. Been there twice now and each time the service was horrible. The first time, the waiter took 30 minutes to bring us our food. My girlfriend ordered eggs, bacon and toast. When the meal arrived, it was missing the bacon and the eggs were cold. The waiter said, "The manager will bring your bacon out." The manager never showed up. We ordered coffee---that took ages to arrive, too. When it did, the waiter neglected to bring cream or sugar. The coffee got cold while we were waiting for him to bring us cream. He never did. The people at the table next to us waited, and waited and waited and waited for their food, but it never arrived either!The second time, we went on a Friday night. It was crowded. The employees behind the "to-go" order counter were excellent--efficient, thorough, friendly. Got us our food in good time. Remembered to pack every item. They were fine. But the valet parking service---HORRIBLE. HORRIBLE. HORRIBLE. Slow as molasses. Lazy, inept workers. We waited for our car for 35 minutes. Plenty of valets available, but they all seemed to be moving slow, standing around, dawdling, not doing their job. Inexcusable on a busy Friday night. It put everybody in a foul mood. NEVER coming here again. I suggest you don't either. Unless you like waiting around and getting frustrated and having your night ruined.
4 The Cheesecake Factory in Redondo Beach has the worst service in the Franchise.   I'm a fan of the restaurant and have visited many locations but the beach atmosphere. (Redondo that is)  was not a pleasant one. They tell you wait time 30-40min. which turned into an hour and clearly my partner and I were forgotten about. We begin to ask and was reminded of the wait time but we had to remind them it had been an hour.   After finally being seated in the back of restaurant near the exit door, we were not comfortable and asked politely for a change. The young girl who seated us was not happy with our request and her rebuttal to a seat changed clearly expressed that.  My partner wanted to leave then but I insisted we ignore her and we remain. I felt as if we'd  be fine. The waiter came over, nice young male and we both ordered salmon. The waiter came back about 7-10 min later and said they were out of salmon. This was never heard of and unbelievable but I was still patient and optimistic. My partner on the other hand......We changed to breakfast and both ordered omelettes, still waiting on our bread which we ask for a fresh batch due to the batch we were served was hard as a brick. The waiter assured it was baking fresh and would be right out. The waiter then came back about 5-7min later and said they had no more bread. I'm outdone at this point after being there for a good 1-40min with no food and  bad service so we left. I left this complaint on there website and the manager called back about a week and a 1/2 later. He left a message. I called him back twice and both times I was told he was busy. He returned my call and left another message. I called back again and he was not there and I never heard back from him or any one again. I will never visit this location again and it seems as the staff gets there hospitality, manners and respect from management!
2.5 Jason at the Cheesecake Factory in Marina Del Rey was one of the best servers I have ever had. Ask fo his section on your next visit because he will provide such good service you will feel like you are the only person in the restaurant.
4 Best cheesecake i ever been to. Good service and the best of all is the view of the marina. Awesome outside patio with firepits. I always get food to go to eat at the beach too and it's always ready when they said it will be.
3.5 This location is by far the best since its location. The scene is what makes it for me overlooking the water of the marina and boats. This place has so many items to choice from its hard not to find something that you'll love and not to mention all of the different kinds of cheesecake to finish it off.
3.5 All I can think about our diner at the Cheesecake Factory is that it was an average experience all-in-all. Nothing went particularly bad, but seating, decor, service and food were just average.I found both my main meal and dessert to be tasteless and disappointing. The cheesecake especially was a let-down. It did not taste anything specific but sugar.
4 Worst Cheesecake Factory ever. Don't go, service and waiters are terrible. You have to pay 7 dollars for parking (you can't park yourself). Terrible experience, never again
1 pretty good here. they did good job adapting to the covid protocols. love the location. outdoor seating with mother's beach view is pretty nice.
5 Amazing how much aggravation could be avoided if management used a pen and piece of paper to post a note over curbside pick up sign that says "Pick up orders west of entrance - by dry cleaners."  Instead they keep you on hold waiting in the parking lot and then they tell everyone to come inside and pick up in the bakery.  Then the poor guy in the bakery has to tell everyone that pickup is OUTSIDE, WEST OF THE ENTRANCE BY THE DRY CLEANERS.  Now everyone is mad and we all take it out on the guy manning the pick up table OUTSIDE WEST OF THE ENTRANCE.  Come on Cheesecake Factory.  Find a pen and a piece of paper please.  Never again.
1 During Covid The Cheesecake Factory has not disappointed. Most items on their expansive menu are available. You can see the special attention that is given fir cleanliness and disinfecting. It's just sad that all restaurants can't open to at least 50% capacity.
3 It started with reservation. I had a guest from another country and I wanted to take her Cheesecake Factory for lunch. Before i went there I called them to ask if there was a empty table and she said " yes there are empty tables and we accept walk-in ". Right after 5 minutes the phone call , i arrived to restaurant with my guest. There was a rude welcoming. They told us there is no empty table and we have to wait 1 HOUR ( we were so hungry but we waited) and i told them that i was told there were empty tables 5 minutes ago; they just told me it changes everything timely; In 5 MINUTES!. However after 80 minutes later we were seated and my guest order a hamburger and it was the only thing she ate all day. A couple of hours later, she started feeling bad and she threw up all night. I called Cheesecake Factory and talked to the manager. He said "We are very careful about hygiene, maybe she has Covid! " . NO she is not COVID! She got a test 1 day ago. It was not the answer that I expect from a manager of a big restaurant. I wanted to impress my guest but it turned to a disaster. Me and my guest will never go there again.
1 Food is good here at this location like always. Wait can be long and it's only Valet parking here. Service is usually good here too. The one thing I do not like about this location and heed warning to anyone to comes to the Cheesecake Factory is that this restaurant is super small and very cramped. Almost claustrophobic. I feel bad for the wait service staff because when you're taken to your seats you have to walk through the kitchen area where there the cooks and also the wait staff picking up their food to go drop it off at their tables. I don't know why they don't move locations. There aren't enough tables at this location either so it gets super busy, and crowded than I think the others and sometimes the waits can be overly long.
1 Not only have I worked here but the service and food is amazing. Good quality food for the price as well as good service. Waiters and Waitresses have great timing as well as manners. The customer is sometimes wrong even when they handle it poorly but, you handle it with respect.  Marina Cheescake Factory I drop my hat too you. Keep doing amazing things.
2 The Marina del Rey Cheesecake Factory is by far my favorite location of this restaurant chain.  Just about everyone has enjoyed the Factory's high-calorie, high-taste cheesecakes and huge menu selection.  Most may not know this, but CF was the first true "date" (in Pasadena) my wife and I shared (she picked it because it seemed the best "American" place) so it has a little extra meaning for us.  The menu was recently updated. Today for lunch, we tried one new item and one tried-n-true dish.  The Farmhouse Burger is new. I guess it replaced the old Ranch House Burger (an old fave). The good news is that the Farmhouse one is $2 cheaper, very unique, and also very good.  It's an Angus Beef patty covered with Grilled Smoked Pork Belly, Cheddar Cheese, White Onions, Iceberg Lettuce, Tomato, Mayo, and a Fried Egg.  That's right: Grilled Pork Belly and a Fried Egg?!?!   The egg is a runny Sunny-side Up that oozes all over the burger once you begin to eat it.  Because of the egg, this burger won't be for everyone, but it sure was an amazing combination of flavors in one very messy burger.  The burger comes with fries, but for $1 extra we upgraded to the delicious Sweet Potato Fries.  My only recommendation for this burger would be to upgrade the lettuce as it seemed to add nothing.  Romaine or possibly spinach would be better.  But I digress.  For me, the Farmhouse Burger is another win for Cheesecake Factory.  Check out the picture uploaded with this review to see it.My wife went with her favorite CF dish:  Miso Salmon with Snow Peas and White Rice.  Even the lunch special at $7 off was almost too big to eat.  It's a classic sweet teriyaki-ish sauce on the grilled salmon that brings  back memories of happy summer days in Tokyo.For an appetizer, we tried something new (for us) that isn't quite new at all:  Stuffed Mushrooms.  They were tasty, however, seemed a little overcooked by about 30-45 seconds leaving a slightly charred taste on the tender mushrooms.  They are stuffed with Fontina and Parmesan Cheese, Garlic, and Herbs served with a Wine Sauce.  The mixture of cheese and wine sauce was loved by my wife who enjoyed dipping the sourdough bread in it.Service was great as the hostess seated us quickly and then moved us from our original seat to a better one on the upper outdoor balcony with a great view of Mother's Beach when we requested some shade under an umbrella. Our waiter was a bit slow at first because the place is seriously busy, but he warmed up to us as the meal progressed and even gave us two To-Go Cups of our drinks: Passion Fruit Iced Tea and an Arnold Palmer. The Arnold Palmer is served in a regular tea glass rimmed with sugar (like Margarita salt, but sweet). It is a nice (and very sweet) touch.Valet parking is always $5, so we took the Water Bus over from Fisherman's Village for $1 each way and enjoyed the ride through the Marina. If you want to avoid valet, there is a lot nearby that offers self-pay spots.In addition to the previously mentioned food, my recommendations for any Cheesecake Factory remain the same:  Buffalo Blasts, Avocado Eggrolls, BLT Salad, Jamaican Black Pepper Shrimp, and the Grilled Chicken and Avocado Club.Finally, we got a slice of cheesecake to go.  It was a dilemma choosing between the 1200-calorie Red Velvet or the Chocolate Tuxedo Cream. We went the Tuxedo route with layers of Fudge Cake, Chocolate Cheesecake, Vanilla Mousse, and Chocolate. Of course, it was delicious.With its nice view, full bar, great selection of tasty specialties, and stellar service, the Cheesecake Factory of Marina del Rey stands out as an excellent dining option if you can afford the wait.
3 - Huge Menu ((Like, epically large. Jerry's Famous Deli on crack.))- Friendly waitstaff.- Equal-opportunity bread service. ((Brown and white chillin' in the same basket... I like that.))- Lotsa sneaky places to park off-site, so you don't have to let some dude park your car and charge you for it. - Nice patio overlooking the little inland beach. ((Heat lamps included, for those nippley nights.))- Booze city.- And yes, as I'm easy to please: FREE REFILLS. Some restaurants are SUCH pricks about this, and I don't get it. If a restaurant charges over $10 for a dish of food, the sodas should come rolling out. If I can score free refills at McDonalds for $1.39, then I shouldn't have to deal with shelling out $5 per coke at a place that's already taking my $12 for a plate of chicken tenders.  ((deep breath)) Okay... settling down. Kind of a pet peeve.This spot in particular, next to the Marina's endless lines of boats, has always served up the fantastic eats. A little pricey at first glance and then you get your order... and holy sh!t, the portions are gar-gantuan. Worry not. Your entree is enough to satiate you; you needn't order an appetizer, if the budget's tight.That being said, another way to go is to order a couple of appetizers instead of ordering an entree. This is both cost-effective and provides you with some variety, instead of leftovers. It's truly rare that I find myself at a restaurant in which I'm stumped, as far as menu options. The entire Cheesecake Factory menu is appealing. It's a gift... It's a curse. Because you want EVERYTHING, it sometimes makes it hard to order, but at the same time, at least everything is good. My poor friend had to deal with my indecision during recent visit; how do you decide which ONE to get when seventy five different things are beckoning. The bottom line: It's all about taste preferences. This is like a TGIF that learned to turn up the quality and diversity of their food a few notches. Yet another restaurant at which you don't have to ask, "What's good?" The answer is: "What SOUNDS good? Because everything is good, so if it sounds good, it IS good." In my humble opinion, don't waste your time with conventional fare, here. ((I'm being a hypocrite, as I order things like Cesar salads here, all the time)) But be a better person than me! Order some crazy stuff. Ideas? Why sure...**APPS- Fried Mac-n-Cheese balls- Calamari (Thanks to Tara C. and Trishy B. for the suggestion)- Avocado Eggrolls- Spicy Ahi Tempura Roll**ENTREES- Stuffed Chicken Tortillas- Spicy Crispy Beef ((Yes, Chinese.. And it's one of my FAVES!))- Chicken Romano ((Pounded Chix breast crusted with parm cheese))- Shockingly, the Teriyaki Chicken. ((Don't hate me, fellow hapas))- Chicken Parmesan SandwichBIGGEST TRIP: Alcoholic Milkshakes. Oh yeah. I've had 'em. Order an extra shot of your favorite booze on the side; the shakes can be a bit weak as far as booze per volume goes. They seem to have a new variety of pizzas that I've yet to try... Can anyone say, "Time for a CF DYL Event!" ??5 big fat stars. Beware of waits, but then again, in LA, we're used to that at too many restaurants.
1 THIS PLACE IS GROSS. READ THIS. THEY MADE 2 BIG MISTAKES WITH MY ORDER!!!!!!!! Wish I can give them a zero.Food: I ordered the chicken lettuce wraps. Im allergic to peanuts so I said no peanuts on anything.BIG MISTAKE #1: They had peanuts sprinkled all over my plate and it took them another 20 minutes to get my correct order. Eh happened before but I was not happy.Drink: I ordered white wine. What I got was not white wine.BIG MISTAKE #2: YOU WILL LOVE THIS!!!  The server brought this fingerprinted wine glass with something that looks a little muddier than white wine. I asked the waiter what it was and he swears that its white wine.  He obviously does not know what he's talking about.  I brought the glass to the bar and asked the bartender WHAT IS THIS! He looked to the corner of the bar and said "Sh*t, thats the cup of left over drinks at dinner tables used as a measure to show how much wine we should pour. Your waiter must have grabbed it by mistake."
3 Someone wrote a 6 dollar tip on my bill and I caught it on my way out. The manager made the correction right and all was well. I don't know who did it but it was definitely not me. The tip line had 6 on top of it when the manager showed me. Make sure you check your online bill after ever transaction here. Who ever thought they could get away with it means they are brave enough to try or have done it before. It's only at this location and I have no other troubles at the other CCF. Service was good and everyone was really nice. The manager was nice enough to give my money back. Sadly, that is the last time I am going here. I've only been to this location 3 times. And this is the first time someone try to get more money out of me. BEWARE SOMEONE WROTE A 6 DOLLAR TIP on my bill. I am sad I have to go far away for my cheesecake.
4 Umm..I'm a fan of BIG food.  That is why I love this place.  I told my husband recently that the food seems to have gotten much better over the years.  We attribute it to butter.  They use real butter and lots of it in everything!I always have great service, they have a cheap happy hour, and the food is consistent with all the locations I have hit in Socal.  Oh and kid friendly.  I have 3!  That is super important otherwise I would never eat out...lol!Take aways:1. BUTTER2. BIG3. Kid friendly :)By the way, I am writing this review while a newborn is sleeping on me...I'm amazing...
4 WOW! The worst experience ever!!! My family and I brought my brother here for his birthday dinner...I wish I never recommended this place because the whole thing was a disaster! I understand that many people were at the location especially since it was a Saturday night but to have an experience like we did was VERY uncalled for. We waited an hour and half when we were told that the wait would be only 45 minutes. After waiting for an hour and half we finally get to our seats. Our server greets us a good 15 mins after we have been sitting, no menus, no water, no one walking up to 10 people sitting at a table looking at each other. Then finally she greeted us and gave us menus. She took our drink orders and left. We waited for another 20 mins just to get our drinks and bread which we asked for numerous times....We finally got our waters minus the other drinks and two tiny trays of two piece breads in them for 10 people who have already been waiting at the table for over 45 minutes. We had ordered appetizers with our drinks which she recommended a platter and when we asked if we were ever going to get the platter she said oh they didn't tell you we ran out...(why would anyone else tells us anything when you are the server and barely you even come around!) We then tell her its fine if we can please have some more bread since we wont be getting any appetizers. She says right away and we do not see her for another 15 mins...In the meantime we ask others and they said yes we are making some we ran out and you should have some soon. Ya rightttt we got some I just don't understand how you can run out of food when you are a multi chain restaurant which I have been coming to for years! I wish the only wrong thing was the lack of food and service. But then of course like the whole night we are waiting for our entrees with empty glasses, impatient children, rude service and a ruined birthday celebration. My sister had gone up to the manager letting him know what we were going through. He then comes to our empty table and was asking how we were I then began to tell him that this is uncalled for and a waste of time for all of us! He clearly did not want to hear how unsatisfied we were because when I was talking to him very nicely for someone who has been going through this terrible night at his managing location he then rolls his eyes at me. I told him "I'm sorry that my annoyance is getting to you that you have to roll your eyes but you have to understand that we have been on this table with 10 people and no service!"  I was fused and no longer wanted my brother's birthday to be further ruined I dismissed him from our table and just advised him all we want is our food which got to us cold and to leave. They did not comp even an iced tea for the WORST service I have ever witnessed!!! If you don't have any food you should be closed or aware of that issue! I will never recommend any one to attend this restaurant.
4 I made a vow, a few years ago about the Cheesecake Factory restaurant chain. I'll never actively go to one of these restaurants to eat a meal, I don't give a fuck if I'm starving. Living in Pasadena, I'm used to seeing the one located in Old Town, and the lemmings actually waiting 45 minutes to be seated. F-That. Let's not get it twisted, either. 4 stars for the cakes. I mentioned before, in my Jerry's Deli review" that their cheesecake rules. Well, so does the Marina's (Cheesecake Factory) location. We went at night, and if you're not careful walking on the pier, it can look (or feel) like you're about to fall into the water. I was probably drunk, so that may have had something to do with. It was crowded, but we ordered in advance, and took our cheesecake slices to go. I did notice, if you get a good enough seat, you'll sit right next to the water. Neat. That's all I got.
4 Went here for a quick bite, got seated fairly quick but then sat for about half an hour watching every table around us get served.  No one stopped at the table even with water.  The lady who sat us even walked past a few times!  The table next to us got their check, left, and the table was cleared with another family seated there with water, bread, and appetizers in half the time we were sitting there.  Horrible service, it was very disappointing.
4 My girlfriend works at the Cheesecake Factory, which puts me in a position that I feel I can help explain a lot of the weird or annoying things that can go on thereThe valet:Yes, it is "forced" valet, but only in the sense that you have to pay. If you want to park your car yourself all you have to do is insist that you park your own car. Just make sure you hand your keys to the valet before you go inside. Big deal right?And the reason the valet is required to charge you to park your car even if you do it yourself or if it isn't busy is because the lots that the valet uses are owned by the city. The city charges not only you, but also the valet company and the staff of the CCF to park there. It sucks but that's just how it is.The crowd:According to my girlfriend, the busiest times are weekends, weeknights after 6 or 7 PM, anytime during summer, and holidays. Their reservation times are kind of weird (only certain times for certain days of the week), but if you have a large party of say, 10 or more, they say it's best to send a couple people from your party before the rest of your party arrives, so that they can get you guys on the list without everyone having to wait. Worst comes to worst, if the wait is too long, you can always order food to go.My girlfriend is a cashier and she tells me that the usual quote time for to-go orders is 15-20 minutes (which is a hell of a lot faster than waiting 1 hr + just to be seated!). And when you order to-go, you still get a great view.There is a playground and seats on the beach you can take your food down to that is much more secluded than the seats inside the restaurant.The seating arrangement:We all agree that the seats are really close together and can get kind of annoying.On certain nights when the restaurant isn't too crazy busy (like if it's night time and everyone wants to sit inside because they're cold) you might be pleasantly surprised to find that the patio is usually warmer than the dining room. They keep the heaters all over the patio cranked up to eleven. Also, about whole cheesecake orders:Order your cheesecake at least 2 hours in advance if you want it to be ready to eat by the time you stop by to pick it up.They keep their whole cheesecakes in a freezer until someone orders one, so if you walk in expecting to get a 10" Godiva Chocolate Cheesecake all ready to serve in five minutes, don't hold your breath.And as for the sometimes sub-par service:I know by the time you actually sit down and are ready to order you probably had to deal with all kinds of things(a line for the valet, a line to get in the door, waiting for your pager to buzz, etc.),but try to keep in mind that while you are experiencing all of this crazyness, so is the staff, and they have to keep it together while balancing all of their orders and special requests, tracking down a manager, and being stopped for something by someone every time they walk by.  (The CCF is known as a hard restaurant to work at because of the stress involved.) Now of course that does NOT excuse poor service.You went out because you wanted to have an experience and it may not matter to you what the staff may be going through. In this case, just remember that you ARE having an experience, so enjoy it. You've got great food, a great view, and some great company. If you rush the experience you went out for, what was the point? Let's say you're waiting to be seated and it's going to be a while. You can talk to the person/people you came with, look at the cheesecakes, even ask the bakers for some recommendations.The point is to relax and enjoy the entire experience and look at the glass half full.So that being said, my girlfriend and I have made a list of some of our favorite items and also popular items:APPETIZERS:Spicy Ahi Tempura RollsAvocado Egg RollsBuffalo StripsTex Mex Egg RollsSweet Corn Tamale CakesThai Lettuce WrapsENTREES:Miso SalmonLouisiana Chicken PastaCajun Jambalaya PastaChicken MadeiraChicken BellagioPasta Da VinciAPPETIZER AND ENTREE SALADS:Ceasar SaladChinese Chicken SaladBBQ Ranch Chicken SaladSeared Tuna Tataki SaladDESSERTS:Original CheesecakeAdams Peanut Butter Cup Fudge Ripple CheesecakeTiramisu CheesecakeStephanie's Ultimate Red Velvet Cake CheesecakeKeylime CheesecakeWhite Chocolate Raspberry Truffle CheesecakeLemoncello Cream TorteDulce de Leche CheesecakeLinda's Fudge CakeStrawberry ShortcakeOne final note: Don't go to the CCF if you're on a diet. They're known for large portions, sweet drinks, and CHEESECAKE. None of which compute to LOW CALORIE COUNT. Also the calories listed on the cheesecakes are per slice. For example if the calories were per cake, you would divide the cheesecake calories(the Red Velvet cheesecake for instance-1,556)by 12 slices and that comes to about 129 calories per slice - in your dreams! You wouldn't believe how many people can't do the math.Thx 4 reading!
2.5 This has got to be the most overrated restaurant in L.A. I've been here only once and it was for a work event. In other words, I had no say in the matter.
 When I arrived, I was a little shocked to see a red "C" displayed in the front window. To some, a red "C" means it's still OK to eat there. To me, it means "We don't give a shit." In any case, like I said, I had no say in the matter.
 And what's with those menus? I'm an old fashioned guy.  I think that if you're going to charge so much money for mediocre food, you should be able to provide a menu that doesn't have advertising in it. Lose the ads, Cheesecake Factory. It's tacky.
 That said, they do give you a lot of food here. More food than I would care to consume in one sitting. But that's what makes it such a good value, right? Uh, no. It's still overpriced. And definitely not worth waiting over an hour for.
 The Cheesecake Factory sucks.
4 Not bad, after 36 years of living in the area I got to the Cheesecake Factory for the first time.There is a lot of hype on this place. It's decent food that is seemingly over priced. My sone had the grilled pork chop for $20 at lunch.I had the plain $10 Cesar Salad, was good I mean how can you mess up a Cesar right? Service was outstanding, people were really busing their A$$. We had been seated next to the kitchen though, pretty noisy with dishes banging but what are you going to do?The worst part about the place, aside from the crowd and wait is the restaurant set up. You have to walk through the kitchen/serving area to get to the seats. Then if you have to goto the restroom you travel back through that area.All in all the experience was ok, the food was decent but well over priced. The service was amazing. The location could be great if you sit outside. I don't care for the crowds and the layout is just bad.
3.5 In general, I'm pretty indifferent to the Cheesecake Factory chain and rarely eat here since 1) the portions are entirely way too big for one single person (my 1 entree here served as two dinners and one lunch) and 2) it's pretty pricey for a meal.  My roommates and I came here the other night because one of them received a gift card to the Cheesecake Factory and treated us out to dinner.  For drinks: we ordered Moscow Mules - I had the Pineapple one and they had a regular Moscow Mule.  If you like sweet drinks, then I would definitely recommend the Pineapple Moscow Mule.  The drinks were strong enough without it being too "alcoholic" tasting because of the sweetness of the pineapple.  For appetizers: we ordered the Pretzel Chicken which were delicious! They were pretzel-breaded chicken on skewers and came with two different dipping sauces - unsure what exactly what kind they were but both tasted like different kinds of honey mustard and had good flavorsFor dinner: I had the Pasta Da Vinci - penne pasta with chicken, mushroom and onion in a Madeira Sauce. I thought the pasta was a little too oily for my taste and the proportions were not well balanced - there was very little chicken, mushroom and onion compared to the overwhelming amount of penne pasta.  In addition, my pasta was not consistent - in the sea of penne pasta, i found 1 spaghetti noodle, 1 macaroni elbow and 1 farfalle pasta.  Don't get me wrong, it didnt bother me at all and I ate them gladly but as a critical perspective of the restaurant, I think that seeing how this is a farily nice chain restaurant, there are certain standards that should be met and upheld.  This just seems like there is no quality control in the kitchen. For dessert: I had the Smore's cheesecake, which I took to go since I was already so full - tried some the next day and it was excellent! I love all kinds of cheesecake though and especially chocolate so my opinion may be biased.  Service: I thought it was passable - our waitress did the bare minimum - got our orders correct, but she didn't ask in the middle of our entree how we were doing or if the food was ok.  Parking: it's Valet only and at night it costs $4.50 which I think is kind of a rip off  but then again it's Marina Del Rey so it was expected.  However, the valet attendant was driving with not the most extreme care with my car - when he was driving to pull up, he ran into a orange cone and it dragged in the front of my car for about a few feet before he realized what was wrong.  Even though there was no damage to the car, I was pretty pissed because I'm paying for a service that I don't need since I'm capable of parking my own car and also entrusting my car in the hands of someone else, which they failed to do so with care.  Probably won't come back here again because there's other good restaurants worth while eating at but the view outside was nice since it looked out of the Marina.
3.5 I've loved this place since the first time I was hear in the late 80s. The beachside seating has an amazing view and ambiance that can't be beat. This is one of the few MDR restaurants that has stood the test of time. The only downside is they don't take reservations at all, so during busy times the wait can be significant. I'm also not a fan of forced valet parking. Even if you choose to park the car yourself, you still have to pay the valet fee.  The menu is fantastic, with something for everyone. The portions are huge, so be ready to leave with a takeout bag. I love the breakfast section of the menu for Sunday brunch. If you're like me, you'll find a favorite menu item and get it every time. For dinner I love the Chicken Madiera.  On special occasions, I'll save room for cheesecake. There are so many options, the hardest part is choosing which to get. The service here is very good as well.
4 I get that everywhere in LA, you're paying for parking, or getting a ticket for parking no matter where you go.  I get that.  However, it's freakin' Cheesecake Factory!   Ummmm, hello, all other Cheesecake Factory's...parking is free.  Uuuuugh, but because it's in the marina...and because every other snooty place in the marina has valet...so must the Cheesecake Factory.  Booo!   To me, the Cheesecake Factory isn't fancy, like all the other places around it.  I'm not impressed.  However, my guilty pleasure is their cream of chicken something soup.   That...and the brown bread.  YUM!   Alright alright...and like all others have mentioned...the breathtaking view of the marina from the window.  *sigh*  It's pretty freakin' nice.
1 we came here last minute VDAY date. We're not big on having full sit down dinner. Drinks & appetizers are fine for the honey & I. The place was packed, 2-2 1/2 hour wait. So, thankfully we snuck in at the bar, and were able to get seats within 20 mins. We love Cheesecake Factory their food is always good & consistent. My review is really for the bar staff, Thank You-smiling, taking orders & having a great attitude, made it a fun date night!
2 Disappointing service - menu is great, food was great, service sucked. Enjoyed the outdoor seating although our elbows could have touch the next table. I order cheesecake while my daughter ordered yam fries. We requested them come together - this didn't happen. My cheesecake came when she was done her fries and we were unable to flag our waiter. Perhaps another server could have made this visit one where we returned as we were staying in the area for 2 weeks. Perhaps I will check this restaurant out in the future - or not.
3 How could a Cheesecake Factory be only a 2 stars??!! I've been here a few times and every time I decide to give this location another try, I get disappointed... on the CUSTOMER SERVICE!! I've even done a third party Mystery Secret Shopping/dinning at this location before for corporate @ this location always sends assignments out, because I'm sure reviews from the Mystery diners are not that great either! I'm not too thrilled on this location to begin with. The Location is hard to locate and even a GPS gets confused.. lol It's a smaller Cheesecake restaurant, But it seems like the setting of the restaurant just didn't seem right. The Kitchen is in the front left side of the restaurant and located between the entrance of the restaurant between a very small and tight pathway and the hostess table where customers checks in. People walking and stopping in between this short walkway bumping heads and feet. The Kitchen's counter top is where the chefs put the plates of food out for the waiters to serve. It is on a low level, reachable counter. With customers and employees walking in and out, I can just imagine the dusts and germs flying all over the food. When we were walking out of the restaurant, I witnessed this guy sneezing. Didn't cover his mouth and a plate of salad is left there on the counter where his saliva probably flew into the salad. :-( GROSS!! Here goes our journey.. Pulled into the parking lot and parked by the the cleaners. The valet guy comes over and screamed, That's pay parking! I said excuse me sir? he said, "Paid Parkin, I said." I gave him the $3.50 he asked for and he didn't give me a ticket. I asked for a ticket and he said no need. How the heck do you charge me for Valet parking and don't put a ticket on my car. What if another valet driver don't see the ticket and get my car towed??? There was another car that pulled in. Obviously he had a complaint too because We were both waiting on the Manager to come talk to us. We spoke to the manager and she apologized behalf of the valet service and just explained that each location and city has their own parking policies. Fine, I respected that. So then she went out right away to tell the Valet service guy!! .. Uh, wait a minute, should I leave, what if they do damaged to my car out of anger.. sigh... (You see, the Redound Beach location where I go to most of the time has a small parking spaces for handicap parkings, take outs and a few limited regular parking spots for people who doesn't want to pay for valet parking. Marina Del Rey has those parking spots too, but they choose to charge their customers for the parking. ) While being served, Our server wasn't too thrilled about the fact we wanted refills on their bread. Well, sometimes, I go there for their delicious bread, but not like we didn't order any main dishes. We did!! The water with lemon the waiter served us, 2 out of 5 cups tasted funny.. There was a goat cheese like after taste in my water!! My Mother said the same thing about her cup of water. We called the waiter and nicely asked him if he can exchange the water for us. I even showed him the greasy residue that was left on our cups. He said sure and walked off like we bothered him. NO Sorry?.. NO, explanations?.. NO excuse us for not washing our cups clean enough!! We were NOT difficult customers and even try not to bother him too much. He wasn't as friendly as I expected it to be, because I have high expectations of friendliness customer service from them. Well consider me spoiled by the other Cheesecake Factory locations. If something like this would happened, a manager would of showed up at our table with the waiter and apologized behalf of their business. What do you expect when you go to Cheesecake Factory?? Great food and Beyond Great friendly Customer service, because that is what they are known for and that is what I usually get when I go to their other locations. Sadly to say, I will never return to this location again... EVER!
2 This is the Cheesecake Factory with the best view in LA. What's better than enjoying a nice dinner outside with a marina view? The food is standard Cheesecake Factory. Service is good and fast. The only downside (and why I'm subtracting one star) is the valet. I hate valet because we have to pay. My husband hates valet because he hates anybody else touching his car. However there's no way out of valet since there's nowhere else to park. So 4 stars for you, Cheesecake!
3 Consistently the worst Cheesecake Factory. Service never fails to disappoint. We come here because it is near our home and we like the cheesecake, otherwise, we would never come here. Manager walks around like a deer in a headlight and does nothing--saw us sitting here without anyone greeting us, water, bread,or a simple hello. Need better training and managers at this locations. Btw, they ran out of the pecan pumpkin cheesecake at 1:00 pm... Cheesecake Corporate--save this place!!!!!!
2 The guy doing the to go orders is by far the worst. No customer services skills at all really rude and unwelcoming didn't tell me the price of my food over the phone and basically hung up on me ass soon as he thought my order was done I show up to pay and my food isn't ready he didn't even give me a time that it will be. He just walking around talking and playing with employees... I'm literally standing here writing this review watching him do nothing
5 Love this location. They have such a lovely view of the dock boats by the beach. Food is great and drinks were great.
1 This is my favorite Cheesecake Factory location.  I like sitting on the patio overlooking the marina, even on a cold night (they have heat lamps).  And it's open relatively late!  I'm not too happy about paying for valet, and the menu is a bit pricey.  the bill usually amounts to ~$100 for two pp (inc drinks, appetizer, entrees, dessert).  But I guess it's worth it because I'm a regular.  If you haven't already, try the spinach dip... it's a must-have for me.  Also, the herb-crusted salmon (minus the lemon sauce, imo) is delicious.Great location for a beachside afternoon or local late-night option.  ps.  Ask for Ursula.  She's our favorite!  Sweet girl and great service.
1 As time goes on, i have noticed that this place keeps getting more and more crowded.  Be prepared to wait.  Funny thing is, i don't particularly like cheesecake.  However, they have the largest menu of any restaurant i know of (except for Jerry's Deli).  So Im sure you'll find something you like.  All the food I have ever ordered has been great.  No matter what.On my last visit i decided to try something new.  I ordered a delish Hawaiian Salad.  What a treat.  Of course, I had to wash down the salad with a piece of chocolate cake (a la mode, of course) - yummy yummy in the tummy.I heart Cheesecake Factory . . .i don't care how ghetto fabulous the peeps are.
3 Their salads are never the healthy options. Go ahead, order it. You'll see what I mean.But you don't go to Cheesecake to eat healthy stuff. You go to indulge *HEARTWhite Chocolate Caramel Macadamia Nut Cheesecake was BOMB! If you like the sweet stuff like I do (and it's realllyyyy sweet) then this is a great pick!Oh, and their patio was really nicely toasty! LOVED that. I hate being cold and was worried about having to stick it out out on the patio (because we had a large group that didn't want to wait longer for inside seating). But no worries! All their heaters are gona keep you warm :)
4 It is a fantastic place! I ate pasta carponara that was tasty but quite heavy.. as a desert, I chose Linda'a fudge cake, mamma mia!!! You should give a chance!
4 Absolutely horrible and unacceptable service on Mother's Day. I called the day before to order and was told to call back about a hour ahead to place the order. I called on Mother's day and the line was consistently busy. So I used the online order system and placed the order. The instructions were to wait in the car for curbside service and the pick up time was at 4:50 pm. When I arrived early at 4:45 pm the cars were lined up going out the parking lot and down the street. There was about 100 people in the parking lot trying to get their orders and they wouldn't answer phone calls. After about 30 minuets getting in the car line and waiting a customer passing my car was nice enough to warn me about the situation. She said they were about 3 hours behind on the orders and it was chaos inside with food sitting out on the counters. I left and picked up food at another restaurant and went home. At 8:00 pm I received a call from the Cheesecake Factory that my food was ready and asking me if I was outside for pick up. Unbelievable my pickup time was at 5:00 pm and it was 3 hours later!! I couldn't believe they had the nerve to think someone would wait that long to eat. It was awful and I'm sure it really ruined many folks day. I'll give 1 star only because it's required.The Marina Del Rey location.
4 We ordered the cheesecake with fresh strawberries: the cheesecake itself was very tasty but there were only few fruits on top of it. Overall a bit pricey but if you want to taste a real cheesecake you won't be disappointed!
4 Folks complain about wait time and leave 3 stars? come-on, what can TCF do about wait lines? Because many people go there to eat? Write your name to list, go down to outdoor deck to have a drink and enjoy your moment.Food, service, location, price everything is great, I am loving TCF - Marina Del Rey !!Most people dont know about their outdoor deck-waiting area, ask for it!
4 I love the Santa Monica location but this restaurant in marina del Rey was the worst. The bathroom was filthy and when they brought the avocado rolls out they taste like they were spoiled and when I told the manager (Minor) he told me that I should have eaten it when it was hot... wth. It took 15 min for water, 15 more for the waitress to take the order and about 30 min more for the food to come. I asked the waitress to just bring another avocado roll but when the "manager" told me "we didn't eat fast enough" I just canceled the order. The nerve.... I only came back because my mom wanted it. When I saw the nasty bathroom before (when I came in and when I went out) I wasn't coming back. But it's official now!  If your bathroom is nasty so is the kitchen... +. #ManagerSucks #WheresTheCustomerService
2.5 Haven't been to a cheesecake in a while. Decided to come for happy hour had  a great waiter Blake. He was on point fast and very considerate.  Great job cheesecake for hiring some cool people
4 Great location and wonderful food, however the service was terrible. I am a frequent visitor here and was very dissapointed in our visit. To start off, the hostess did not even acknowledge that we were waiting to put our name in for a table. The resturant was empty... We were finally seated in a corner table under a tree. I felt very claustrophobic and the host was very rude about moving us to a booth... I was unhappy so I made my way to the bar area where it was much more open. After a few minutes... we finally got a server and he was a very nice young man. He was very attentive and made our dining experience wonderful! If it wasn't for him I don't think I would be coming back to this location.
3.5 The worst customer service ever!! the food was awful dry and cold I sat down outside and it was the worst experience ever the outside heaters they literally have them so hi that I couldn't even  enjoy my meal the entire time the heat was burning my shoulders and back I ask the server several times to lower the heat and someone else complain so they put it right back it was an awful awful experience Never going back
3.5 Ok, I have literary visited this restaurant at least 15 times since high school. I obviously came back for a reason. For a chain restaurant the food is good and they have large portions. At this particular location summer evening dining is awesome. Yes, yes, yes there are many pretty faces as well. Anyway, my point being I was a fan of this location.That was until my last 2 dining experiences. Anyone who knows me knows I'm very laid-back, easy-going and friendly. For whatever reason, my last two times at CF our waitresses treated us like scum. It was like they were disappointed to deal with my table. What? We all looked happy, affluent and easy to approach. But noooooo. Each time, the two different waitresses were rude and would not acknowledge us. I hate to do it and never had to but damn do I have to throw out the "Race Card?" Was it because both times my group was Hispanic and Black? I have never experienced that "feeling" in all my travels around the globe. Needless to say, I reported my experience (both times) to management and walked out before ordering. Twice. I gave this place a chance and I experienced the same problem. That said I hope that negative vibe is gone and if you go, may you have a better experience.Food: Good, large portions, wide varietyEye Candy: ExcellentParking: SUCKSWait for table: SUCKSService: SUCKS BALLSManagement: SUCKS
4 Why does everyone give this restaurant such a bad rap?  Granted, they shouldn't put ads in their menu, and there is usually a long line of hungry tourists ahead of you, but you do get good-sized portions of a variety of  tasty food for a fair price.    I went with a friend for lunch today and - surprisingly - had no wait at all.  It was another gorgeous day in paradise, so we were seated on the patio.  I hadn't been here for some time, but  I already knew what I wanted.  You know how when you find something you love, you just can't wait to get back and order it again??  Well, that's how I feel about the Fried Chicken Salad that CCF *used* to have.  Bummer.  After perusing their extensive new menu,  I selected the Barbecued Ranch Chicken Salad and I enjoyed it, but it didn't compare to the salad I planned to eat.  Two other favorites:  Avocado Egg rolls and Thai Lettuce Wraps.  I sometimes order either one of these as an entree.  Outstanding!!  Marina del Rey location has a great view of Mother's Beach and they've recently replaced all of their patio glass window panes dividing the restaurant from the beach.  Much nicer!  You can actually see through the panes now.  The old Plexiglas panes were so scratched and dull that it was unattractive.Of course, their desserts are famous, delicious and decadent.  I don't usually indulge in the sweets after dinner.  No room...their meals fill me up.  You must valet park, unless you have a friend who lives in the neighborhood.  Lucky me...I just walk there.  :)
4 This is the worst Cheesecake Factory I have ever been to.  In fact it is the only one that hasn't been even close to really good. I suppose we should have figured that out when there was no wait to be seated at 6 PM on a Saturday.  Our first server took a long time to take care of our table. We probably waited 40 minutes for food.  They were out of the brown bread we liked, and of course once we were finished, it seemed all they had was fresh brown bread.  Our nachos, which is something we usually love, were burnt and had minimal toppings and cheese.  What is really pathetic is that we asked for more cheese.  We didn't even finish them. Not everything was bad.  When the first server went on break, the second one was very efficient.  Our other two appetizers were decent, and the bread was good, albeit not brown. The cheesecake, was of course, very good. That being said, I'll just go to the one in the Grove or by Disneyland like usual.  Much, much better locations.
4 Tonight's date offered me the choice of Cheesecake Factory or 3rd St. Promenade. The outside patio, recently remodeled warranted a visit. We sat outside on the lower patio where there were fire pits and tiki torches. The ambience was romantic. We conversed with the reflective view of the water, kept warm by the patio heaters and enjoyed the nice summer evening.He ordered a pear martini which he said was "potent". Multiple times he offered me a drink or two.  I declined and had an appetizer plus grilled shishoto peppers. It came with a dipping sauce, perhaps it was ponzu? In the past shishoto peppers at Japanese restaurants before have lit my mouth on fire. For some reason, these were so mild, I could barely detect any spice at all which was unusual. We mutually parted ways. Not one to valet park, I was relieved to find that my parking was free. I had entered on Panay Way near the Marina Fitness sign on the building. The gate was up when I came in, the meter was not lit up, appeared to be out of order and no one in attendance. Not sure what's happened to the City Of L.A.'s parking lots in MDR, however it worked to my benefit tonight.
5 It's always crowded, but the food is good..They have improved the seating , which has helped...went there recently when I was down for in LA.  And yes, is it over hyped, of course, but the food is still good.If you are going to go, make sure that you are ready for a wait...and just don't stress about it...you don't come here for fast food, you come here to people watch and to be watched..no really, you come for some decent tasty food that they duplicate at all of their restaurants....Enjoy...and nothing beats plain cheese cake with whip cream....i know, I'm simple.
1 Very nice. We went last night (tue) to get some cheesecakes to celebrate my birthday.  It was very quiet and not crowded but it was a tue at 10pm so I am not surprised.  The choices were endless as always, however I chose the Pumpkin/Pecan cheesecake because it's seasonal from Oct-Nov.  I loved it.  I would encourage anyone who has a sweet tooth like me to try it.  It has all the best, pumpkin, yes, cheesecake yes, and butter pecan!  OMG  the best so far (in my opinion).I am happy to be able to give a review on the actual dessert this time.
3 Love the Cheescake Factory.  Rich delish food always happy with every meal here.  I like to save this place for special occasions because it is special.  My favorite is the Chicken Fetachinni.  After your meal which ever it is you will not have room for cheesecake, unless....you share a meal.  Trust me I never get cheesecake here, unless I go to pick some up to go.  The food is so filling that many people take home half of the dinner just to order some dessert.  Ok I like the red Velvet cheesecake a lot.  But, they are all good so choose away you won't be sorry.
5 Why are there so many haters on this Cheesecake Factory?I remember when this one opened nearly 10 years ago, when I lived on Manchester. (Remember the doughnut shop?!) The food/drinks/happyhour: excellent. You can stroll out after dinner/drinks with a friend....hahaValet parking is mandatory, but $5 inc. tip is cheap. Strange situation:Friend pulls up her 2010 Lexus GS350 to valet, about 2 hours later, we pick up the car, and valet says there's no power steering. ?Very strange, no one is implying anything, but it happened.Just sayen'.
1 i cant effin believe this i called in an order to cheesecake factory marina around 1200 am..they closed at 1230am...i order the factory nachos with everything on it that includes salsa, cheddar cheese, jalapeno, guacamole,  salsa, sour cream,  red sauce and green onion. i told them 3 x no sour cream, and extra green onions..do you know what the fuck i recieved...i  get home ready to demolish the nachos...and i opened the container...and the nachos are black...you read correctly black,,,first i thought oh ...maybe they are using the multi color nachos , i have seen in  stores  like trader joes...but hell to the mfn naw ...they were black because they were burnt!!!!!!!....all through out...the nachos in the middle were dark brown...there was no salsa!!!! no green onion !!!!(i requested extra)!!!, and sour cream at the bottom of the nachos... i'm wondering why the sour cream at the bottom . .because they put sour cream on them...and tried to correct their mistake, and thought no one would notice it wasn't cheese cause the cheese was cheesy ..so they basically just flip the nachos over and put the toppings on it.. which was red sauce ((((not salsa)))) cheddar cheese, guacamole & jalapeno. i called cheesecake factory as fast as o could, because i knew they closed at 1230 am, and it was 105 am, and the manager answered the phone, i told her what as explained above, she did refund me my money back for my order,(that was appreciated in good gesture) i am writing this review, because the cook, the chef in the kitchen who prepared those nachos knew they would not have ate this sh!t, so how did they consciously put the lid on the nachos and send the order up for pick up. i guess they figured by the time i noticed, cheesecake factory would be closed, and they would be gone,..and i would be just fucked..as i am ...cause im hungry....damn!
3 Horrible.I've been to this cheesecake factory many times before and always sit in the downstairs patio area. I've never had a problem until tonight.It's a Saturday night and my family and I invited some of our friends to come here for dinner. We were greeted by the hostess and given a table for 6. Great. Loved the seats. She says "give us a few moments to clean the table." Fine.ONE minute later we return to go to our seats and lo' and behold, the seats are rearranged. Umm...we ask her what happened, she apologizes and attempts to change it back. Great.Then the "manager" named Steven comes and stops her saying these tables can't be rearranged. WHAT??? We were just given the table a minute ago, what do you mean it can't be rearranged?!Of course, Mr. Manager gets frustrated and starts giving us a harder time. Our guests arrive to a scene where we are arguing with Steven. Because we didn't want to cause a bigger scene in front of our guests, we say fine give us another table. He says sure, the folks over then are almost done and I will seat you there. Great.ONE HOUR passes. Nothing. No seats. No food. No drinks. I go up to the manager while our guests were talking. (I rarely get mad) I reached my boiling point with him. He finally seats us. Seats sucked as much as the first ones. Ugh. At this point, we are starving. Screw the messed up seats.The waitress comes. An HOUR later our food arrives. Then they bring hot cups to pour the beers into. Umm beer cups hot?!?! Waitress "oh sorry they just came out of the wash." Wonderful.Worst dinner experience of my life.
5 Love, love, love The Cheesecake Factory. It's a must any time I fly in from Japan. I do think the portions can be a little smaller. Other than that, very satisfied customer.
4 I don't know. It's Cheesecake Factory. You know what that means to me? Slightly more upscale TGIFridays. However, something about this location tries to make this Cheesecake Factory seem like you're dining at the freaking Ivy. It's so full of pretension, I wouldn't be surprised if the valet attendants judge you by the kind of vehicle you drive. Oh, Valet! Why in the world is it necessary to valet your car for an establishment that contains an open and large lot? I learned how to park a very long time ago and I certainly don't mind taking the few extra minutes to make it happen vs paying someone else to do it. Having the option is one thing, but forcing everyone to valet is quite another.I guess it all boils down to the view, which, don't get me wrong, is pretty damn awesome if you're able to sit some place where you can actually appreciate it. And even then, you'll be so starved from waiting over an hour to be seated that your eyes will probably be fixated on the delicious bread basket. Service here is fine. Food is fine. The menu is VAST and will probably take you about 20 minutes to get through. I like variety and options, though, so I'm not complaining too much.To me, Cheesecake Factories are best in malls. You almost always have an insane wait, so having it located in a mall makes killing time before the meal a breeze. While the view here is amazing, it is probably the only amazing thing you'll be experiencing during your visit. That and the amazing amount of calories you just consumed in one slice of that thawed out cheesecake.Don't get me wrong, Cheesecake Factory serves its purpose, but this location in particular, tries entirely too hard. Next.
4 Finally got to eat at a Cheesecake Factory. Being from Detroit, which is by far the largest metro area in America without one (even though the family that founded it is from Detroit and had a cheesecake bakery here), I had to try it.The $28.95 Appetizer Combo was spectacular, especially if you have a party of four or more (or want to eat it with just dessert). Everything on it was delicious and quickly finished off. They have Fresca!!! As a diet pop drinker, it is so cool when a restaurant has more than Diet Coke. Cheeseburger in Paradise is the only other chain I know of that has Fresca on tap.The entrees were very good. I had the hibachi steak which was nicely done, with wasabi mashed potatoes and fried asparagus......Was so stuffed, could not eat any cheesecake....Will come back again though!
4 Good food, nice waitstaff but SHADY valet!I like this location because it's right on the water with plenty of outdoor seating and umbrellas!  The staff at this location is super nice and attentive and the food good. I took away one star because of the shady parking attendant.  My friend paid for both of our parking .. I SAW her give him the money, said in front of me & the valet she was paying for my parking and after she left he said she hadn't paid him.  I reminded her that she gave him $20 and I saw him give her change but he insisted I pay him anyway.  I decided I didn't want to fight over about $4 dollars and just paid him but that's really shady!  I bet he cleans up at night when people aren't paying attention and have had a few drinks!  Don't trust the valet at this location since he'll cheat you to your face!
4 For people who likes sweet and only a bit of alcohol on their drink this is it the" FLYING GORILLA" chocolate banana milkshake/dark chocolate and banana liqueurs. W/an appetizer portobello,avocado,&zucchini fries. W/a main course hibachi steak.
4 The food as amazing especially the cheesecake but the overall service was terrible. We waiting two hours to be seated and upon completing our meal had to wait an additional hour just to pay. Server kept passing by saying I'll be right back, we don't have change so it's going to take me a minute, sorry I'll be right back. It should not take an hour to leave a restaurant.
4 I'm giving four stars because of our server, Ian.  Without him, it probably would've been three.The food here was definitely good.  I got the Mesa Chicken, which I loved, and my boyfriend got the Jamaican Black Pepper Shrimp.  The downside was that the shrimp were supposed to be fairly spicy on their own, and he asked for the chef to make it extra spicy.  It ended up coming out completely lacking ANY spice.  We let our server, Ian, know that, and he went into the kitchen and asked the chef to make a serving of the sauce extra spicy, which he brought out in a bowl for us.  That was awesome, and it made the dish perfect.  We got the artichoke as an appetizer and it was alright; the sauces that came with it, though, were phenomenal.  I would order it again just for the sauces.All in all, I'd say it was a decent dining experience.  Yeah, there's a valet there, but who cares.  It's less than five bucks.  Get over it, people.  That parking lot isn't the biggest and if you had to self-park, you'd be bitching that there's no valet.Oh, one last note: if it's warm enough out, try and sit outside, especially at night.  There is a very nice ambience with the string lights overhead and the beach right there.  There are also space heaters that make it just as warm and cozy as if you were inside.Good stuff.
2.5 Not a fan of chain restaurant, but when I feel guilty, I look no further. Forget about Houston's and all other places--CF is good to everyone, despite their atrocious decor. 5-star, impeccable service was well-executed by our server, Michael! Very attentive and crystal-clear! Again, I don't do chain restaurants, but when necessary, I only go here.
4 We went in for a late lunch on New Year's Eve.    Made a reservation, had not wait.    Emon was our waiter and was amazing from beginning to end.   Food was great as expected.     Only downside was the restroom is very small for such a large restaurant.    Happy New Year!
3.5 Location location. Great date night venue looking out over the marina. I will say the cocktails absolutely sucked. Guy had no idea what he was doing so I would say stick to beer and wine. But the food was good and the outdoor patio is great.
3.5 They took a 3 hour to get my food and my family was really upset. The food was horrible. l was not happy with that. Our appetizer's came out after our main dishes. Some of our appetizer's were missing and not fully cooked. I wouldn't give them a star if I had a option. The manager kept making excuses and they said they only had one chef for night. That is not my problem.
4 Unfortunately my last time at Cheesecake Factory was a terrible experience. First of all I have to say that this place's location has a really good view and I have always loved the light decoration they did. However, service was terrible! I went there with my family and family friends to celebrate birthdays of two people in the group. So we were 11 people. And our waiter whose name is Ronald did a terrible job. - We asked drinks to come with foods but we were about to finish the meal when he brought them. And there were only 3 drinks so it shouldn't have taken that much of time- We asked for ranch sauce or mayo but he never brought it- He brought appetizers too late. We had to asked them twice after he brought main courses - He didn't take empty glasses on the table. He should have taken them before taking our dessert order. When he brought cheesecakes, the table was a mess!- We were there for birthday celebration for two people and I know that normally waiters sing happy birthday when they bring the cake however, singing didn't happen and this guy didn't even bother to light up the candles!- He put all the coffees on one side of the table he didn't bother to serve them person by person and for this reason, we mixed up which one is decaf which one is a normal coffee- My 3 year-old nephew broke a glass and he didn't clean it up! Glass particles were there and one of us could get hurt especially my nephew!- At the end of the dinner, when one of us gave voice to our complaints, he refused all of the complaints and was very rude. After awhile, he came back and spoke with the kindest guy in the group and apologized to him. He couldn't even apologize to the person who told him about the complaints!
5 We had to wait 45 minutes for an outside table, but it worth the wait. The views of the Marina are beautiful and the food was fresh and delicious.
5 A group of 10 of us went to this location after a memorial service for someone who had committed suicide.  It was an emotional day for all, but we were good sports about waiting 1 hour with a pager for our table.  After the hour, we asked if a table would be available soon and were told it would be another half hour.  45 minutes later we asked again and were told it would be another HOUR.  We waited nearly 2 hours for our table, with a very tired 4 year old in our midst, and got nothing but attitude, anger and annoyance from the hostesses and manager when we asked how much longer the wait would be.  When we told them we were leaving because we were tired and starving, they basically said they couldn't possibly care less, and shrugged their shoulders.  To top it off, we still had to pay $4.50 for the valet.  I will never, ever eat at the Cheesecake Factory again.  Their policy of not taking reservations is rude and demeaning, and I'm going to tell my friends to boycott them as well.
5 Erin was a sweetheart. She gave great recommendations. The Jamaican Pepper Shrimp... YUM!!!! Now its cheesecake time :-) Thanks again Heather for suggesting the patio. We've enjoyed the view
5 So I decided to pull a Ferris Bueller last Tuesday and ditched work to spend the day with my best friends from out of town. One of our stops was Cheesecake Factory as we decided to pregame before dinner. I stuck to our plan and ordered light to save room for our real dinner but they decided to go on the heavier route reassuring me that they would still have room for dinner. Just a lil tidbit on our friendship..it revolves around food. Since our UCLA days we've been major foodies and made it our mission to eat. We plan our days around food and manage to out-eat everyone around us...including our 200+ pound boyfriends. We stopped by a little after 5 which sucked since we missed their lunch menu but I was planning on ordering off their small plates menu so I didn't care too much. We were able to get seated right away and found a great spot outside, I can't really say much about their food because it's a chain restaurant and every Cheesecake has the same menu. This particular location has a great view which is just an added bonus to their already affordable prices and generous portions. I have recently been hooked on their Asian lettuce tacos and that did it for me as far as pre-dinner went. We ordered the avocado rolls for appetizers and the food tasted right, as I would expect it to. I was not thrilled about having to valet and pay $5/$6 to have someone park my car a few feet away from the restaurant but it makes sense to charge since it is a beach. If the parking was free then everyone would park there. I don't really have complaints about my experience but the one thing that I can mention is that my friend and I were almost done with our food before my other friend received hers. I had the tacos, Jeannette had pasta, and Fatima's fried chicken(off the menu apparently) didn't make it to the table till I was pretty much done with my meal. Hey..at least I was able to get a piece of her chicken lol. If you're in the area and you feel like eating, grab yourself a Peach Belini and enjoy the views here!!
5 The absolute worst experience I had at this place in Marina Del Rey.  Not saying it's like this all the time but it was like this today 6.10.17  The server took forever , left us waiting.   The food was incorrect, cold and the mashed potatoes came with a whole potatoes.  There was water under the table and we know only because when my cousin kicked me out was wetok.  We srnt a drink back 3 times.   The manager was understanding and the new server was bomb.   That's why they got 2 stars. They adjusted the check and still added someone else's drinks to our check.  One Bathroom stall out of order and it's only 2 stalls.  SMH...
5 Had to heckle for bread a couple times, same great taste as other locations, 10-minute wait time on a Saturday evening, not much else to explore in case of a longer wait, cool view, friendly servers, not really a fan of Valet parking in areas where it's highly unnecessary... That would sum up my experience. Let's just say, I think I'd rather take the extra ten minutes to drive to the Beverly location.
5 I've been to cheeseake factory a million times, both here at home in Chicago and travelling elsewhere. So when my co-workers and I found ourselves in California, looking for something quick and easy for dinner- something we could rely on being good- no surprises- we chose Cheesecake Factory. FAIL!The issue was service! No one ordered anything strange. One girl got an individual pizza, one got chicken tacos, I got fish tacos and someone had a salad. Nothing too complex.When the food was ready, the server brought 2 plates out to our table and then walked away. Now, me (fish tacos) and my friend (chicken tacos) sat waiting for our food. And we sat. And waited. And waited. And waited. And waited. Now lucky for our server we were all chatting and gabbing and enjoying one another's company. However when a good 10 minutes had passed and still no food, we started to get a tad cranky. Someone (a manager of some sort?) stopped by our table to inqure as to what we were waiting on. We told him an order of chicken tacos, and an order of fish tacos. He said he'd go get our food for us- even looked in the direction of the kitchen and told us our food was ready and he saw the server getting it now.  LIAR. Another 5 mintues later the server brought our food. If you are keeping track, it's been 15 minutes since our friends got their entrees. They were pretty much finishing up their meals. The server apologized and he said he'd go grab the manager. The manager came by and apologized. That's it. When we all ordered a slice of cheesecake for dessert and got the bill we were SHOCKED that they didn't do anything to make up for their error. There was no free slice of cheesecake, no measley $5 gift card for our troubles, not even a discount on the bill. Nothing. We still tipped the waiter well- it wasn't his fault. But the fact that they think that is acceptable is really telling. I will never return to any cheesecake factory again. The place is so over- priced, especially for a crappy chain restaurant. And for such trashy service, any moron could figure out how to remedy the situation. Maybe that's why they work at Cheesecake factory. It probably didn't help their cause that the 4 of us are in sales and would never treat a customer that way.
4 Really Long wait. Rude Staff.Ive had better food on an AirplaneWaited an hour and  45 minutes to be sat, about 20minutes to have someone take my order. 30 minutes for food to come out. it was cold. Got my drinks after my food. Everything was terrible. Complained to the Manager who did nothing, he didnt seem to care at all.He was more of a jerk than the waitress.Ill never come here again.Oh and did I mention... they dont take reservations????
5 Unbelievable! I was with a party of 7, being 3 kids, and 2 of the 4 adults traveling back overseas to their homes, so I wanted to take them out and treat them for dinner at a bay view by the marina. 2:40min later we still haven't being sited because they were putting all parties of 2 in front of us on the patio and the downstairs for some annoying reason that no one knows was closed. My guests couldn't wait anymore since they need to finish packing and go to the airport and left.. I couldn't leave bc it wouldn't be fair with my little ones who was so excited to eat over there and have waited so long already. So upsetting that I called the manager and told him to stop calling parties of 2 and put 3 tables of 2 together and accommodate us. He said:"sounds much easier than what it is". Seriously? That's the best you can say after 2:40min wait??? Which I was told that would be only 40min????? There is no other restaurant that I repugne than this one... mistreated, terrible wait time, food is super blah, and drinks are almost virgens. Unbelievable!!!!!!!!!!
3 We stopped in today to take some church friends to lunch here...it's a friendly and happening location. Food is consistent to the chain.  Service is friendly.  Definitely an asset to the chain, for sure!  It has indoor seating, typical CF styling, comfy and open.  Indoor windows look out on the marina.  It also has a really nice patio that has a beautiful view of the marina...most people wait to sit outside here.  We didn't, since the couple we brought was elderly...indoor was less bright for them.TIP: If you visit, the parking is ONLY valet.  It is $5- cash per car.  (it seems well organized)The cheesecakes and cakes looked awesome as usual, but I was too full to try one :(Pumpkin and Pumpkin Pecan are both there now!  Enjoy!
5 Worst Cheesecake Factory I've ever been to.Management is a disgrace. The manager DOES NOT know how to take care of his customers when he knows they are in the wrong. Instead he tells his customers they are crazy for being upset.The hostess after quoted my party 30 mins I went up to tell her it had been an hour and she said "No it's only been 50 mins". I don't recommend eating here.
4 I went there with family for dinner. The foods are  good and service is the best. Their staffs are friendly and eager to help each other. They trained all staffs very well indeed. I really like this place and can't wait to come back again and again.
4 Here today at our favorite place in the Marina.  Its super packed but we manage to get a table in the bar area, yaayyyyyyy.So our server for today is Greg:First impression of our waiter seems like a cool guy very chill.  We had to wait awhile to get our drinks since he was servicing a lot of tables but he did bring out the bread immediately.  When the drinks came there was something in the hubbie's drink that didnt belong and Greg had no problem getting that taken care of immediately.  Believe me I was watching him to see any indication of an attitude. Anyway i ordered the chicken piccata and sub the rice for mashed potatoes w/ sauteed spinach on the side.  This dish deserves a 5 star rating, oh my.  The lemon sauce is delicious over the mashed potatoes.  The hubbie ordered the Grande Burrito w/ steak and chicken.  He gives this two thumbs up due to the portion size and taste.   FOOD: 5 STARSOverall service from our waiter: He started off with a 5 but then drop to a 4 because he didnt ask me how my food was or if I need anything.  Although, he asked my hubbie a question about his food just not me (sad face).   I used to be a waitress so following through and making sure everything is AWESOME is THE top priority.  Now that I own my own business, I make sure everyone gets the best of me at all times.We also ordered the Red Velvet and Banana Cheesecake.  Super delicious so another 5 STAR REVIEW.LOVE EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS PLACE.
4 South Bay Location is better.Parking. No choice but valet parking at 4.50 during visit.Overcrowded versus Redondo as well.GF got your favorite dish (Jambalaya Pasta w/chicken and shrimp) Tasted better at Redondo location. The white chicken chili was ok. Was loaded with an abundance of scallions and green onions that overpowered the remainder of the dish.My main entree was my go-to. Chicken Romano. Cheesecake's version of Chicken Parm. Thankfully they did not mess this up.
4 SLOWEST SERVICE IN THE WORLDOR AT LEAST OUT WAITRESS WASthe people next to us finished their food before we even got our entreesIt took them 45 min to get out my hot wingsAnd the people next to us got seated 10 mins after we did The time is ticking and I still don't have my food....
4 Service was good food was excellent and the portions are big it's great! I was there on a Sunday for brunch it was awesome.. great view even if you sit inside for overall everything was great! Definitely we will came back soon!!
2.5 Being a organictarian most of the time, I don't eat here that often and I haven't tried any of the dishes that contain meat, but I love the artichoke, both the skinny and the regular one, the side asparagus (which I ask to be made soft, not crunchy) & the skinny Belgian Endive salad with goat cheese (instead of blue cheese). The view is lovely outside, overlooking the Marina and the servers are almost all super-friendly and attentive. I like coming here. I prefer to pay for parking in the public lot just North of the restaurant. Especially since valley parking is a bit on the pricey side and I like the walk along the beach to the restaurant.
4 Came here last week for my little cousins graduation and I have to say it really was a great place to celebrate something special like that. Unfortunately we did wait over two hours for a party of ten but it could be because everyone was going there for graduations and there were a lot of big parties that night. They did allow us to wait in their outdoor patio and order drinks and appetizers. Already frustrated with our wait time, we came in upset from being so hungry. Iman, however, made our visit more than pleasant. He was very enthusiastic and made us feel so much better about everything. He was definitely an excellent example of great customer service even as we were walking out the door to leave. Made the environment way more welcoming than the girls at the front. Iman really is all about his guests and that is very much appreciated.
3.5 I come here a lot and so do the HOUSTON ROCKETS when they are in town..i've seen them twice...actually I see Dikembe Mutombo often in Marina Del Rey..he must live there or somethingdefinitely need to try the avocado egg rolls...BOOOOOOOMB...make sure to dip them in that green tangerine sauce...their burgers are great...their fake kobe beef burger is actually great...a friend from Mexico came out and she fell in love with this place..actually she fell in love with the cheesecake..great cheesecake and great view of the Marina..not as good as the Warehouse...but overall good
3.5 Whenever I come to The Cheesecake Factory, I usually leave happy due to their good service and good food - WITH ONE EXCEPTION.Recently, I went to The Cheesecake Factory with five other people. Our waitress was named Patricia K. It seemed like she was annoyed with us the whole time she was serving us. She probably didn't make any effort because of the automatic 18 percent gratuity. She asked if I wanted her to pack my food to go, except I couldn't answer because I was still in the middle of eating when she rudely took my plate away without even waiting for my response.I wish I could have gone to the manager and asked for an adjustment on the tip because she certainly did not deserve 20 bucks.
4 Whenever I come to The Cheesecake Factory, I usually leave happy due to their good service and good food - WITH ONE EXCEPTION.Recently, I went to The Cheesecake Factory with five other people. Our waitress was named Patricia K. It seemed like she was annoyed with us the whole time she was serving us. She probably didn't make any effort because of the automatic 18 percent gratuity. She asked if I wanted her to pack my food to go, except I couldn't answer because I was still in the middle of eating when she rudely took my plate away without even waiting for my response.I wish I could have gone to the manager and asked for an adjustment on the tip because she certainly did not deserve 20 bucks.
4 This is my favorite cheesecake factory. The outside patio seating is really nice, it's a great place to take out of town guests to. Always good service. Convenient valet parking. Wide variety of food. And they are open till pretty late on weekends. When you hear the name cheesecake factory, you think of gigantic, 2000 calories plate of food. Well, not so much anymore. On my recent visit, I saw that they have a new "skinnylicious" menu which has many healthy options (all the salads are under 590 calories). Lots of vegetarian options as well. I tried the Endive and Roasted Pear salad, and it was quite good. Thanks to the skinnylicious menu, cheesecake factory does not have to be once-in-a-while-over-indulgence kinda place.
2 Ok, I know I'm talking about Cheesecake Factory and it could be the same food everywhere but this location is immaculate as a factory of cheesecake. 2 private terraces with fire pits and ocean views.To this day they make one of my favorite of all times cheesecake "Wild Blueberry White Chocolate" umm um.And I mean come on we can say Cheesecake Factory is over commercialized and unhealthy food but when we do that we are taking something for granted. Do you really want to lose an restaurant that sells 80 types of cheesecake!?
4 Great evening at the Cheesecake Factory best cocktails in town, thanks to the very knowledgeable Alex the bar tender. Excellent customer service. I will be back for another drink thanks to Alex.
3 Dude, why is there valet parking.... YOU HAVE PLENTY OF PARKING. I literally knew where my car was and the parking was not packed.I don't know about you, but I am very picky about who gets to drive my car.Anyways...Food is always awesome. Had the cajun shrimp pasta and the original cheesecake. Very nice atmosphere. Highly recommended. But can get a little pricey. But it is worth it.
5 Came her with a group of 10 for a birthday party during the week. We waited 30 minutes which was ok since they have a nice lounge area by the fire. We sat outside and it was really pretty. Service and food were good. The only con was that the smell of the water was so bad (it would come and go)...it smelled like rotten eggs.
1 Good service and delicious food. The wait is too long but its worth it.Their Dream Extreme Oreo cheesecake is to die for
3 weird. i didn't realize i hadn't reviewed this place yet. go figure. eaten here 1,041 times before and i guess i never thought to review.this is our favorite CF. it used to be down the street from our old house. parking is valet only, but, not too bad at $3.50 for lunch and $4.50 for dinner. table seating is quick and painless, even if you want to sit outside. we've never had to wait more than 10mins even on a busy summer sunday afternoon to get patio seats. staff have always been pleasant and food has always been consistently good. obviously, we've got our faves. granted they're mass produced made to order food, it's still delicious. my picks are the asian beef strip thing, the basic burger and the chicken salad. i love their lunch specials that come with soup/salad combos.this particular spot is right next to a man-made beach, ironically called Mother's Beach. lots and lots of kiddies enjoy this little stretch of sand and water located just at the edge of the boats. there is also a kids play area with slides, swings and jungle gym stuff just a few feet from the water. it's a great view from the seats at CF and a great way to work off some of that complimentary bread you didn't have to finish. :) we just recently discovered the beachside patio seating. easier access to the beach, but, with a limited menu. and by limited, i mean only their top 100 items are on this menu. snap.great spot to come out to on a summer day. we'll keep coming back.
5 What the eff. Why does it take so long to eat here? It seems like such a corporate-type place, so you would think that they might kind of understand my need to be back in my office within, oh, I dunno, say 2.5 hours? Why does a meal at the Cheesecake Factory always turn into a 3 hour affair? I hate how they have ads in their menu. I hate how their menu is longer than most magazines. I hate how there's so much mediocre food on their menu that it takes my companions 12 hours to decide what they want.The food there is actually pretty reliable. It doesn't taste bad. It's enough for two meals (although I usually don't want to eat it twice.) I like the chicken piccatta and the bang-bang chicken and shrimp-- if only for the name. It's a decent standby, but I'd usually rather eat.... well... anywhere else.
5 It's got a great view. There's the review. Oh, and of course that famous 25 page menu.The food isn't great, far from it. Nor are the drinks, even though their sangria rings in at a hefty $12 a glass. But if you're in the Marina and want a view, it's probably the best bet to satisfy all parties in your group given the crazy menu.Me, I'd spend a few more bucks for Paiche, or grab something from Mendocino Farms and make a picnic out of it at the tucked away beach right next to this joint, but that's my preference.
1 Came here for xmas ever dinner with my boyfriend and his son. our food was really good. i ordered garlic noodles with shrimp. very testy my stepson got sliders they were pretty yum,, and my boyfriend got Jamaican black pepper shrimp. all our food was good, only issue was we ordered an appetizer and it didn't come till after the food did    :( cheesecakes we got to go they were awesome as always.
1 New Menu!!Just today they started offering this 'skinnylicious' menu. It has a bunch of small plates, salads and entrees that are from the regular menu, but have some things missing from them that give the dish too much fat, calories or salt. I have the pear and endive chicken salad and it tasted the same as the regular one. I asked the difference and the waiter kindly replied that the dressing was a new recipe.My friend had the Asian chicken salad and the dressing was also a new recipe, but where most of the calories left were in the Wonton crispies. They are not included in the 'skinnylicious' menu option. If you can stay away from eating the free bread, slice of cheesecake and only order from this new menu, you can easily be on a diet and have a lunch with the girls at Cheesecake Factory and not feel guilty.
4 Came here for brunch with 8 girls on a Sunday... as expected, it was super busy and they said it would be 45min wait but luckily we were seated in about 20 minutes.. and on the patio no less with a great view of the pier!Our waiter aaas ready to take our drink order as we got seated and my Bloody Mary was mighty tasty, I must say!  Their menu is MASSIVE!  SO many choice and options to suit any palette or dietary needs... from salads to seafood.. steak and sandwiches.. gumbo and pasta... AND their portions are HUGE!  My friend and I shared the chinese chicken salad and then each of us got a separate entree:  me, BBG pizza - her, ahi tartare appetizer.Our waiter was good and attentive, but towards the end we ended up waiting for our cheesecake desserts an unusually long time and our waiter was no where to be found.  When they did arrive they were absolutely decadent... we shared the Oreo Chessecake and Red Velvet Cheesecake.  I'll definitely be back... sooner than later. :)
4 The food is always consistently good. If I come alone , I seat at the bar. Tonight the service was lousy. The two people attending the bar did not care at all to serve me. Yikes. No good. I'm disappointed.
4 The food is always consistently good. If I come alone , I seat at the bar. Tonight the service was lousy. The two people attending the bar did not care at all to serve me. Yikes. No good. I'm disappointed.
4 Great and consistent food. The service is also consistently good. Long wait.  Although I've been going there for many years , the place is busy all the time. They close off sections to save on staff cost , not realizing that it makes the customers wait much longer to get seated and served. They can hire more staff and open all sections for a smoother customer service.
4 1) Waits aren't as long as the line looks.2) Good food/ good service.3) Numerous seating options, inside and out.
2.5 There was a 45 minute wait but we sat at the bar bc we were in a time crunch to catch a movie. Our server was attentive and had a great attitude! It was pleasant to have good customer service when it's a busy time of day. I ordered the fried mac and cheese balls and they have been tastier at other CF. Always love the brown bread at any Cheesecake Factory I go to, especially when it's fresh baked!!
4 If I could, would have given a zero for the rating if offered.  Came for my daughter's birthday, Sunday February 25th, however there was going to be a two hour wait.  After 20 minutes the rest of the party of 8 said lets go.  We all had to haggle with the valet parking attendants regarding not paying for the parking.
3.5 The parking is insane even though we have valet. We ordered lunch plate and they were huge!  The meatloaf is great,  we love it. Beautiful place to have your meal by the beach if we can get through the parking.
3.5 Food ok but valet parking charges $7 without letting you know and with no option to self park. No other restaurant in the area charges for parking.
4 Poor service.....slow with attending to the guest and following up fir refills. Food and appetizers took too long to come out. Had to wait too long check to come. Manager John did attempt to make it better , but improvement wasn't still lacking. Otherwise, good was good, but it did take long to come out
5 I would have given this location 5 stars but they should really give customers the option to park their own car (specially if its 10pm on a Tuesday and the parking lot is empty) I don't like the idea of paying for valet parking when I'm the one parking my own car either. The restaurant's staff was very attentive and accommodating. The food was good overall. This location is def smaller than the others but the view makes up for the restaurants size. (Maybe that's why it gets super crowded most of the time) I'm just glad thay we went on a slow night and that we got to enjoy the outside view.
5 This location Stays busy if the main restaurant is busy go to the bottom restaurant its still part of the Cheese Cake Factory it just has less item on the menu.
5 I probably came to this location atleast 5 times this year since it's close to me. Of course the food is great, well atleast everything I ordered so far. Pastas, sandwiches, soups, salads. Love their anniversary cheesecake... BLUEBERRY! The indoor/outdoor seating overlooking the marina is lovely. cute fireplace. The wait here hasn't been that bad, for the most part, I usually get seated right away. Customer service is a hit or miss. Sometimes its great and sometimes they just seem to forget about you. If you're not sitting in a booth, then you're sitting close to other customers... which sucks.... because you can hear them fighting about which dessert to get. This one lady was fighting with her husband because she wanted the key lime cheesecake and he wanted a chocolate cake. LOL. crack me up.What I don't like about this location is the "Valet only". They don't have regular drive and park. So you have to deal w the valet guys and sometimes it's irritating...  Also one time I ordered a pasta dish and they didn't listen to my request and I got something else, so I made them redo my order which sucks when you're hungry.4 stars for me! love their iced mango drink... I get it everytime!
2 I'm not the biggest fan of Cheesecake Factory.  It had its heyday in the late 90s/early 00s.  I remember first coming to the Marina del Rey location back in the early 00s, and not much has changed since.  The portions are still enormous so you are better off just getting an entree. The Cheesecake Factory menu is vast with so many varieties.  I've ventured out several times, but I think you may be better served to just stick with dishes you like (because there are a lot of mediocre and even worse-than-mediocre dishes on the menu).  In terms of dessert, I'm not a huge fan of cheesecake, but they have a few styles that aren't that bad.  The non-cheesecake dessert options are very average.I've also been here for brunch.  The food was just okay at brunch time.In terms of this location, the service is kind of inconsistent.  The place gets incredibly busy, and some servers can handle it better than others.  The atmosphere at the Marina Del Rey location is great.  The indoor dining is nice, and the outdoor dining next to the water is also good.  One of the more interesting things about this location are the people who frequent it--you will see a lot of middle-aged men (or older) with some very young women (try and guess wife or daughter?).The food at Cheesecake Factory really depends on what you order.  Some of it is better than others.  I recently had the miso salmon here, and it was pretty good.  If you know what's good, you should have (at the very least) a decent meal.  If you don't, all bets are off.  On the whole, a grade of 2.5 stars is probably fair.  Parking is valet.
1 Elias our server is fantastic. His kNowledge of the menu and his charismatic way of working the table did not go unnoticed! Thank you Cheese cake for a wonderful lunch! The tuna tartar of the skinny small plates was perfect!
3 I like the Cheese Cake Factory, and this location is very nice with the outdoor seating and gorgeous view of the Marina. Their drinks are GOOD! I had the Bikini Martini and my oh my, it was tasty ;) The food is also good and prepared relatively fast. Of course I have to mention the cheesecake *Banana creme is delicious* I'm so lucky to live literally 5 minutes away from this place, I'll come back all the time ;)
5 This use to be my go to place for dinner and special occasions. I started going to the grove. However, my recent trip here was regrettable. I should of known better than to chance a special occasion.. I was not impressed by the service. Our first waiter was not attentive, she had a horrible attitude and did not come check on the table for a long period of time. When she did come check in the table, she snatched items off the table. When I requested another waiter, the manager was very accommodating, but the service was still lacking. The food took very long to come out, while other patrons were being serviced, we were left waiting. When I was ready for the check I had to ask more than three times, which took about 30 minutes.
5 Went here for my birthday.We tried to avoid eating outside because it was cold and looked rainy but with a party of 15, atleast a hour wait and a reservation not honored we couldn't avoid it. I got the shrimp skillet pasta; I don't know the exact name but it's in white sauce with lemon something flavors. Service was great; I enjoyed my food but I think had a little more fun swinging at the playground on the pier. Ladies if you have to use the bathrooms it's a long wait with two stalls plus they have a bathroom on the bottom by the firepit but its is  hideous and disgusting - I thought it was a horror movie.
1 This is the worse Cheesecake Factory location I have been to. It's unorganized and unclean. Leah that works in the front is so rude and has no customer service skills. Their bathroom is disgusting and nothing done here is done with pride. Save yourself the bad experience and go to the Redondo beach location.
1 Cheesecake Factory NEVER fails!  The food is always plentiful and so good.This particular location is right on the beach-incredible views and setting.The employees were friendly as you would expect from CF.The one thing I didn't like was the valet parking.  It's the only option based on location but the valet told us it was free.  When we came out they said it was not.  No big deal but would have appreciated a straight answer at the beginning.
2 oh six carb cheesecakemy sugar free addictionI hate to love you
1 Went here for lunch, knowing full well I should have kept driving down the street to Cafe Del Rey...but did I listen to myself? No, of course not. First off, valet is $3.50---miss me with that.Secondly, I gave this place another chance, even though I always have bad luck all of there locations. I ordered from the bar, and I should have known cuz dude had no idea what I was talkin about. All I asked for was a lunch size Cobb Salad, I didn't want it tossed (for some reason they like to toss their Cobb salads which is just stupid anyway), and dressing on the side. Not too difficult? Obviously it was, because minutes later he came back and asked if I wanted dressing on 1 half and the other half dry???? WTF was he talking about? I just want dressing on the side.So, he comes back with my food. 1. The salad was tossed.2. He brought me 2!!!!I had to walk out on that one. Cuz he blew my mind. It's not that difficult. A Cobb Salad with dressing on the side...easy. I ended up leaving and going to Cafe Del Rey where I always have a nice time.PS...I had a flash back of why I knew I needed to request that the salad need not be tossed. I ordered one before and it was horrid, ice berg lettuce, not mixed greens like the menu says, the chicken is damn near raw and un-seasoned. They mix everything together, even the dressing, it looks like someone mixed the salad, ate it, and they transferred it to semi clean plate. If you haven't picked up on it yet, I F'ing hate this place with a passion.
4 Been there twice since moving to Marina del Rey. Both experiences have included bad attitude hostesses, slow service, meat cooked incorrectly, and less than engaging wait staff. On last visit, manager did take the cheeseburger off of our bill since we waited so long and it was not cooked as ordered. Downside is I had to track down the manager and ask for the meal to be removed from my bill. The view from the outdoor patio is beautiful. I will not be giving them another try.
4 What a terrible experience.  First off you have to Valet your car and pay for it, in their own lot.  If you self park it is the same price.We went for a friend's birthday and the only good thing was the company.  It was packed on a Wednesday night which was fine.  It all started to go sideways when the hostess sat us and then proceeded to take a fresh, full drink of my friend.  The hostess apologized and offered to replace it but the waiter said he would have to buy another.  It was a Diet Coke for Christ Sakes!Half of the 8 of us did not like our food.  My Carleton (sp?) salad was super bland and the apples in it were tasteless and soggy.   My date had her chicken overcooked and the burrito of my friend was tasteless.  He felt it needed salsa and some flavorings.  When time for dessert came we took the menus and we were all hoping for something better than dinner.  But our waiter never came back to take our dessert and coffee order.  Really?  We waited for 25 minutes and finally asked another waiter to bring our check.  Then our waiter never came to take our money.  After 30 minutes (thank goodness we entertained ourselves talking) I finally had to take the check and my credit card up to the hostess station and told her to run my credit card.  Now we don't mind paying 18% gratuity  because we were a large party but please, at least work for it and offer to take our dessert and coffee order.  That alone would have added another $100 to our bill and another $18.00 in his pocket.
4 Superb Service! Except the Valet who wasn't too friendly.... At the end of my stay, the valet again pulled my car up to another couple. Clearly he was a moron with his own preconceived notions. However this place is so good I still give it 5 stars! The cooking is ALWAYS Great! And the personnel inside the establishment are Super Super Nice, courteous, and efficient! It is a well run ship, except for the barnacle asshole valets in the parking lot...no tip for them...
4 Very busy location can be a bad thing. From the start, the valet costs $4.50, and not knowing my options, I begrudgingly checked in my car. I learn now there is a self park lot nearby. The hostess is tucked in past the bar and dessert counter which can be confusing for a first time diner in a congested lobby. Beautiful location for patio dining overlooking the marina. Staff provided excellent, friendly service. Chicken Madiera with potatoes is listed as a favorite, and it was good. It was not worth the 17.95 price though.  As expected, the peanut butter cheesecake I brought home was amazing.
4 Ate outside and the view was very nice. It was a breezy day, and there were plenty of heaters to make our meal comfy. Service was good, and my Kale and quinoa salad with shrimp was really good. The grilled cheese on the kids menu was really good too.
2.5 Very disappointed with their reservation system. I was 8 minutes late due to traffic and was informed their grace period is 5 minutes. I was thus put in the wait pool as if I walked in without a reservation. Are you kidding me???? Not even a 10 minute grace period that is customary in the customer service industry? Won't be back!
4 I love to come to this restaurant because of the view but the wait is so crazy. I just don't understand why is it that they always close the entire downstairs section, when they have so many people waiting, I wish the can keep the downstairs open and hire more employees to service the people, and you can't make reservations. There Mangment need to look into this!!! Because it's sad that I see people leave all the time.
3.5 We came and apparently their electricity went out and just came back on, said there would be at least a 30  minute wait. Obviously there were people ahead of us; we took our chances and decided to stay.. 10 minutes later we got seated. Love their food, great service.
3.5 LOOOVE LOOOOOVE LLLOOOOOOVVVVVVEEEEE this restaurant!!Not only is the cheescake factory without a doubt my favorite restaurant (and there are tons of reasons why), but the location is great! Its sits on the sandy front of the marina del rey harbor, with a nice jungle gym for the kids to play on while you wait for your table (or after dinner). Yes, expect to wait, especially on weekend nights. But just enjoy the scenery and the crowd, and in no time you will be sitting down to enjoy the best food ever.The food is amazing, the selection is huge, and the portions are even bigger! And for how much food you get for your buck, the prices are VERY reasonable! The drinks are good, The service is always very friendly, the pre-meal bread is yummy, and all the appetizers are delicious. Actually, I have never eaten anything at the cheesecake that hasn't been up to standard. LOVE THIS RESTAURANT!!
4 I personally believe that it's impossible to have a bad meal at any Cheesecake Factory. So when you go to this location...SIT OUTSIDE!!!!! Nothing wrong with enjoying a lovely day/evening embracing the beauty of Marina Del Rey. It's picture perfect.
1 If you dine at this particular restaurant, please dine on the patio the view is spectacular. Our server was the real MVP, she really took care of us and made our dining experience a pleasant one.  The food was top notch and of course the cheesecake was to die for. I will most definitely be dining here in the near future..... Awesome experience overall.
5 I took my team here for a group dinner last Wednesday. It's great for accommodating big groups and lovely restaurant on the marina. The staff are very very friendly and accommodating and obviously well trained. Food is very average and it's a shame because with the ambience and staff it really could be taken up a notch. Pre made meals I'm not a fan of. I understand the central kitchen concept as it adds to to consistency. Food is bland or over drenched in sauces and flavors. Would be back but not in a hurry
5 This place was great wait wasn't long at all and food hit the spot great place to come if your planning on going to the beach but it was really nice
1 I like the cheesecake factory. I had got the fish tacos(4 soft shells) the shells were fragile hard to eat h with your hands without breaking. So I just used a fork. It was Shah kind of spicy which I liked. The fish tacos cane with rice and beans  but ,I substituted the rice and beans for sweet potato fries. I had got a strawberry lemonade. I didn't like it though tasted like there was soap in it or something. But I do like the raspberry one that one if pretty good
1 Sure, it's a chain restaurant, but the waterfront location can't be beat!  There are so few options in LA to enjoy the coast, so being able to relax outside next to fire pits, steps from the sand and chill under palm trees while watching boats go by is a treat all by itself.  Now if they'd just get rid of the ads inside the menu...
1 Service is horrible the waitress tried to argue with me over what I did and not did not order then she cut me off and try to correct my order but with an attitude i don't want you handling my food now. Then I asked to speak to the manager his name was Jonathan he was no help either he didn't even try to fix the problem I was with two other people i felt that he could have discounted the meal or something. Then near the end when my friends were done eating she went to them individually and asked them did they want desert totally skipping over me. Even though I know what I ordered, regardless she should have said I'm sorry, so what do you want I wasn't feeling the atmosphere soon as I walked in the door when they say us near the kitchen I would like to eat in peace don't go to the one in Marina try Redondo or somewhere else. I felt like my mother having to argue like that
5 Pro: Great view... Good customer service. Con: Dirty plates... Found a hair in my food.
1 We had a super brunch today, sitting outside and basking in the ambiance.  Our server, Mark L., made sure we had everything to keep us happy.  Our food was great.  Sometimes brunch is the most fun meal to share and we just had a grand time.
1 The service was slow as stated in previous reviews. It's worth the wait. We had the filet mignon and it was larger then we thought. The broccoli in garlic sauce was to die for. James Taylor played whistfully in the background. Cheesecake was great. Come on down!!
4 They made us wait for 1 and 30 min for food and the food tasted horrible. The servers kept ignoring us, do not come here, worst cheesecake factory in America.
4 This place is a hit or miss for me. I come here with a friend once in a while when were in the area and to be honest I usually don't want to come here. I feel suffocated and crowded everytime I come. There are so many families and children everywhere it just gives me anxiety. The servers here are a hit or miss too. There are some that know the menu and can tell you what's going on and there are some that are so blehhh about it that I feel like I can't bother them anymore. Mind you I've worked for the company and I know that my customer service was always up to par. It get's 3 stars because the food is good sometimes. It has made me sick before. Maybe someday I'll be happy coming here, but until then it's a place I have to go to because my friend likes the patio. It's like going to the dentist's office no bueno.
4 the chris guy which was our server was awesome and a very kind person... cant say the same for the manager which was down bad and it ended up taking a total of 3 hours to get our food because the manager doesnt know how to run a restaurant...if you get a server make sure you get chris he is the real deal!
4 Hmmm!  3 Stars!  Now I know why. My family went there for dinner and was served a meal that was over cooked. We brought it up to the waitress and she did nothing!  Then they switched waitress' and the next waitress was terrific. She brought over the manager and we discussed the issue and the manager was not very apologetic and had an attitude. He did not remove the meal from our check but after a while offered us a $10 dollar credit. What a jerk!  My family will not be eating there anymore. You know how the saying goes...  a problem is the fastest way to inform 10 people how bad your restaurant is. So, for a few bucks, this guy just lost our business.  Dumb!!!
4 We have been to the Cheesecake Factory several times for Brunch in the past couple of months. This time we were there to celebrate my Fiancee and I's engagement with our parents who were meeting for the first time. First of all the food is always great! I particularly enjoy the Eggs Benedict. The yolk is runny (very important) and the English Muffin was well toasted. My Fiancee had the Chilaquiles and she loved them. Crispy tortilla strips and a medium level of spice.We got there right at 10am when they open for Brunch. $6 valet!!! $6 and I watched the guy park the car in the 3rd spot 20 yards from where I was standing. Wow.Our next issue came when we sat outside. We had 7 people in our group and we were walked right out to the patio. They placed a few tables together and moved a few umbrellas and asked us to sit. The seating on one side of the table was sooooo cramped that even my Fiancee (5'2", 110lbs) had to squeeze in to sit. There were so many umbrellas on the patio that we couldn't move the seats out far enough to sit properly. Now I am not suggesting having less umbrellas, they are totally needed, but the guy who set up the tables didn't even stick around to make sure that his setup was done well. After we fixed the seating ourselves, we looked around for the menus that the waiter was carrying before he set the tables up. We found them stacked on top of the bussing station which was conveniently located on the opposite side of our table. The whole meal we heard crashing and clanging of plates and silverware. Not enjoyable. Next time I know not to sit in that section of the patio. All in all the experience was OK. Next time I come here I will write another review and I hope for it to be better.
4 If it wasn't for the wait, this rating would be a 5.  This is by far my favorite Cheesecake Factory location.  The view over the Marina is spectacular.  They have outdoor seating on the patio overlooking the water, a lounge area with fire pits, and heat lamps sprinkled all over.  If you prefer to sit inside, they have a decently sized dining room there as well and also have a bar in case you want to grab a bite to eat or a drink before you start your dinner.  Most people choose to do valet parking here because parking can be difficult or a hassle to find in the area.  On a Friday or Saturday night for a party of 4, the wait time was around 40-45 mins around 7:30pm.  They do not take reservations but they try to accommodate large parties.  Although I have never really ate anything bad here, I would suggest going for the Factory Burrito Grande if you want a burrito (it is ridiculously large).  As for good appetizers, I like the Tex Mex Eggrolls or the Avocado eggrolls (these are well known).  Their BBQ chicken pizza is also good, as well as their Chicken salad sandwich, Navajo sandwich, Chicken Piccata, Chicken Bellagio, etc.  If you are trying to be healthy, then they have rolled out a new menu called "Skinnylicious" that has many tasty options that are under 600 calories each (some under 500).  I recommend the Skinnylicious Lemon Garlic shrimp (a decent portion that has a great flavor served with angel hair pasta) , as well as the Skinnylicious Salmon that comes with vegetables.  The menu can be quite overwhelming actually, but do not fret.  It is hard to choose something bad.  And if you haven't already, definitely try a slice of their cheesecake.  I might be a plain-jane, but I can't get enough of their Strawberry Cheesecake.  Delicious!
2.5 I'm not mad at this Cheesecake Factory at all! Great view, good service and consistent food. Love it!
4 This is a chain restaurant - so you should know what you're getting yourself into going in. The only benefit about the Marina location is that it is on the water, which is nice, but can get chilly at night and I have never been sat anywhere inside where you can actually view the water.This place is ALWAYS packed, the parking lot is LITERALLY a parking lot, even as you're trying to leave, and as far as I can tell, you HAVE to valet, even though you could easily park your car yourself. Expect a wait here, no matter what.As has been said, the food is mediocre. Any place that gives you a choice of ANYTHING (Mexican, Italian, American, Asian) is clearly unfocused and anything you order comes out as such. I have only dinned here because I was with a group of friends and the only reason I had a decent time was because of the company I was with. Oh, and they make decent drinks and duh, the cheesecake is really good (the only thing they really seem to have a handle on).
3.5 Totally my guilty pleasure. I still don't understand how they have such a giant menu that spans all food genres and ethnicities...there can only be one answer- frozen and pre-prepared food. I'm going to look the other way. Everything that comes out of the kitchen I would eat, everything. Spinach and cheese dip? Yum. Buffalo chicken blasts? Get in my belly. Thai lettuce wraps? Come to me. Tristan HAD to have the Godiva Chocolate Brownie Ice Cream Sundae...which he's been talking about for weeks now, so we went for some light appetizers to prep for our main course of dessert. I started with the Avocado Eggrolls, which is one of my favorite dishes anywhere and are so good and so popular I don't think I need to even explain, and he had the Thai Lettuce Wraps. I wanted the Strawberry Shortcake but they were out :( so I had the Mango Key Lime Cheesecake while he had his sundae.  This location is ALWAYS packed, even though it is astonishingly huge and overlooks the beautiful marina. We snagged a hightop table in the bar area so didn't have to wait, but even at 8:45 pm on a Sunday, the place was teeming with people and there was a 30 minute wait for a table. Valet is $4.50.
3.5 Well this place gets so crowded and the property so small that you have to valet park. We were surprisingly seated right away, it was Cinco de mayo so I anticipate that everyone was at a Mexican restaurant instead. It was pretty full though and there were a lot of birthdays as the staff sang happy birthday 5 times during our dinner.Courses were better than usual, around the table we had: jambalaya, salad, flatiron steak and fries and I ordered off of their new mini appetizer menu which totally reminded me of what you would get at a tapas restaurant.  Appetizers I got were a spicy sausage with sun dried tomato and mashed potatoes - the sausage patties, though tasty, seemed incredibly undercooked so I only had a couple of bites then moved them around my plate so no one would try to convince me to return them - DH gave me a wonderful phobia of returning food since restaurant folk like to do nasty things to your food.  I also got parmesan stuffed dates wrapped in bacon which was good but would have been great if it were hot.Finished off with some coffee and their 30th anniversary cheesecake, which is my favorite.  Hostess took away a chair from our table though while someone was in the bathroom and didn't even ask and gave it to another table.Seriously, what's wrong with people?  Why are common sense things so difficult sometimes - hello service industry?  Oh, right - high school.
4 I actually like this Cheesecake Factory because of the outdoor seating overlooking the water.  They have freaking CABANAS!!!  It's real foofy for a CF.  The menu outside is the "Cafe Menu" so options are more limited, which means they only serve 150 things instead of the 600 on the full menu.  You won't go hungry.  Sometimes I come here to get a quick drink near closing because it's quiet.Parking is the crap part.  It's valet and there is no street parking on Via Marina.  You can try for a meter closer to Washington or nearby street, but there's not much happening.  Also this place is confusing.  They have about 6 different ways to enter, and they make you do a runaround to get to the host stand.  Just ask where to go and they'll get you sorted.
5 Awesome service by Ronald S.! Friendly and I love the marina view! Best one so far I've experienced! I wish we had a view of some water element back up in North Bay...
4 Well, what can I say about the Cheesecake Factory...Portions are very generous (enough to usually split a meal), and the food it good. Not amazing. But good. Service has also always been very decent. But at this location, it's not really about the food - it's about the outside patio. The patio is a lovely spot to have lunch. Beautiful view of the marina, and when you're sitting outside, it doesn't feel like you are dining at a large chain restaurant. On colder days they have heaters, and on the hotter days, they have umbrellas, so the temperature is usually pretty great. Seating is a little tight (they really use up all the space possible) so be ready to squeeze around tables.Take your mom here for lunch and buy her one of those adult pink lemonades. Then after lunch stroll around the little beach area to walk off that huge meal you just ate. Makes for a great little Sunday afternoon.
5 I have never had a bad experience here but today everything was horrible.  The bread was cold, my food wasn't cooked and the waiter Chris was the worst.  I am so disappointed!!!!!!!!!!!!
5 Food was good and freshly made.  I had the sausage and shrimp pasta and if was delicious. I took half home for lunch the next day and it was just as good.  We also had the chicken nachos appetizer and it was good and filling.  Nice selection of food and let's not even talk about the cheesecake.
1 Good overall food with a huge menu. The setting is nice especially if you're sitting outside. The food portions are really big too. The grilled artichoke is very tasty and I do recommend. Good for groups and really it's all about the cheesecake.
5 I just came here to order my food, and the guy "Mike"  was so rude and aggressive with me. Probably i will never come back again.
4 If you're visiting the Marina area, it'd be a shame to waste your money here. There are overwhelming numbers of solid places in the Marina -- look around. It's what you'd expect. Certainly over-priced, but you're kind of paying for the name and the atmosphere. If you get sucked into a group outing to the place -- which is likely, then get a big salad -- they do good salads. Other than that, the food is just average.
1 Cheesecake factory is hype on the food, but most definitively not on the cheesecake Snicker cheesecake puts you in a coma, a good coma...the staff here is always helpfull and ready to make our dinners enjoyable...when tryin new items i ask for honest opinions and they have yet to send me down a path i regret...honestly, one of the most humblest CCF ive ever been too...
2 I'm a big fan of the Cheesecake Factory overall.  The view from this location is fantastic and the food is always dependable.  However, the mandatory (and not FREE) valet parking and rude employees need to go.  I've been to this location a number of times and almost every single time the hostess staff are extremely snobby and put off.  The waiters at least mask being happy but seriously, with so many people out of work you would think they could be a bit choosier about the personalities of who they hire.This location gets 5 stars for food and location but 1 star for service.
1 Sits at a very nice spot overlooking the bay at the marina, good food selection in LARGE portions.. Awesome service really the servers set a standard!!very pleasant seeting outside & by the fire pit (thumbs up) It helps to give yourself a while to put your name in coz it's often quite crowded. Get a buzzer and take a stroll along the beach.Valet at the entrance but ample metered self parking right next to it. Go for it! One of the few great family restaurants around L.A.
1 Yesterday was the worst experience we had at the Marina dl Rey location.  Sad to say 2 of us couldn't keep our food down because the meat of the sliders had an odd taste and my friends cajun chicken wasn't cooked. Our daughter had the chicken sliders and felt nauseas after the first slider as well. Our 4th friend who had the cajun chicken had to send it  back after the first one she felt sick too. We had nachos to start with, which was all tortilla chips and barely any cheese. The best was the lemon drop and the bread. We were looking forward for a nice meal and to end it with some dessert. No dessert but vomiting and a lots of sour stomaches! Will I go back? Not until they start getting a descent chef and better service!
4 I've been here a few times, but only now am I beginning to realize that the Cheesecake Factory is very overpriced.The food is good, sure. It's even manufacturedly exotic at times. But it's not great. My $40 bill for a Cesar salad, half of some crappy calamari, and a glass of wine demands better quality.And at the end of the day, the Factory is just a dolled chain with a menu similar to CPK and P.F. Changs. They are all owned by the same company, after all.I'm tired of the Cheesecake Factory allowing people to think themselves cultured.
4 One of the few cheesecakes I go to ONLY if people are visiting and only one in a 15 mile radius.  Otherwise, I stay away from this place at all cost.  Not sure where to start but I'l give it a try.1) Why is it valet parking is like 5 bucks and I don't think there is validation or it matters....yet when the parking lot is empty and you can practically park yourself, you still are stuck paying the valet to park your car.  LAME.2) Moving on into the restaurant, the layout is just horrible.  The entrance that is and then when the weather is nice, the tables are squished together to get as many people into that place as possible. 3) Service: The servers are not the brightest tool in the shade.  Many are rude and pushy.  More short with the customers if they take too long to decide on their order.  4) Air conditioner is always pitched up no matter what season it is.  Just because it is socal, why is it always feel like it's about 60 degrees in there?  5) I ordered a simple salad and even that came wrong and I waited another 45 minutes for them to bring me the right order.  The rest of the dining party was waiting for me to finish.  Ridiculous I tell you.  Also, many of the servers were unprofessional talking about how much tip they were getting from the customers as they walked out (and we walked to our table)....whatever happened to appropriate dining etiquette and serving etiquette?  The managers need to do some serious training at that location.If you're close and craving to eat at cheesecake, don't go to this one.  Find a different one to eat at.
4 I suppose you can call me somewhat of a Cheesecake Factory connoisseur. I have been coming here for years and I love it! It was actually my new year's resolution one year to try every single cheesecake they had and what do you know, it was the only new year's resolution I have ever kept! My favorite cheesecake, white chocolate caramel latte, was actually gotten rid of, so my new favorites are pumpkin pecan, red velvet, or the tuxedo. You really can't go wrong with any cheesecake though, or any of their other cakes. (I love the Chocolate Truffle Cake the most)The food there rarely lets me down too. I've had most of their appetizers and my top picks are the fried macncheese balls, the avocado rolls, the spinach and cheese dip, the buffalo blasts, or the firecracker salmon rolls. Out of their pastas, I love the four-cheese pasta, the carbonara, or the farfalle with chicken and garlic. Their salads are amazing too, I usually never order salads when I go out because I never feel like its really that satisfying, but at the cheesecake factory, they are tasty enough as a meal and definitely fill me up, especially the BBQ chicken or the luau salad. Their burgers are always a solid choice too. The only things I've gotten there that I wouldnt get again are the fish and chips, which I thought were bland, and the belgium waffle, which was just like any other belgium waffle. Anddd of course, I can't forget about the amazing bread they start you off with! Lets just say its a struggle for me to not fill up on the bread :PI love how the taste (and portions) of the dishes are the same at every Cheesecake factory. It never fails me. The only downside is that I'm practically holding my stomach in pain and can barely stand up after a meal here. And I'm probably swiping a few days off my life with all the calories i'm inhaling... oh well! Its definitely worth it!!! =]
4 Haven't been in years but boy have they renovated their outside lower patio! Went on a nice sunny day and had drinks with appetizers, the ambiance and weather coupled with the cocktails! What more could you ask for??? I will def return, looks like the night life is great too, heat lamps and fire pits with comfy couches, oh yeah
4 I love this place. I came here on sunday to celebrate a birthday. Sadly I forgot to make a reservation, and I was told my party of 6 would have an hour wait, well it turned out to only be about a 20 min wait, which wasn't bad. Another party took our table and we were quickly given another one. Why the 4 stars? our waitress, showed some attitude when we told her we would like to get seperate checks, and got upset when she got our checks wrong, Also they forgot to return one of my party's change back, and to make it all worse they didn't even sing "Happy Birthday" to the party girl! we loved our food, just the service was horrid. I'll give this place another chance, maybe our waitress was having a bad day, I understand it happens. I just hope it doesn't happen again. :)
2.5 They don't take reservations so come ready to wait. It's worth it though.The food, service and ambiance was all as I expected to experience at a Cheesecake Factory. It was enjoyable and I would go back the next time I'm craving cheesecake. ;)
4 Last time we will ever order from this Cheesecake Factory...shame it's been a family favorite for a long time and we regularly order from them. You just lost our business.
3.5 Love it!!! A LOT!!! But the plates are too big and i think the waiter/weitress should warn us. The cheesecake: Amazing!!! I ate at home, since I couldn eat anything else after dinner. XD
3.5 I always liked Cheesecake factory but this location has disgusting food and non existent service. It is dirty, smelly and I was embarrassed when I took my out of town friends for a dinner there.
4 This particular CF gets one star for bad food, terrible bathroom, and poor customer service. It's the only CF serving West LA, so it's super packed. But really, don't waste your time or money. It took over 20 minutes (both times) to get a glass of wine. When I first ordered my wine, I ordered a Rose, I was given sparkling Rose. I told the waiter I wasn't even aware Rose came sparkling and that I would like to change my drink ordered. He told me it was against CF to exchange drink orders and that I would still be obligated to pay for the Rose. I asked to speak to the Manager, who told me the same thing. I told the Manager that the menu did not state the Rose was sparkling and that the waiter didn't tell me it was sparkling, so I shouldn't be obligated to pay for their lack of communication. Still, it was a no. Really CF!? With all your millions, you can't make a customer happy my exchanging a drink? How penny wise, pound foolish. Later, when I looked at the drink menu again I saw that there was a "Sparkling Wine" section and another Rose was listed there. So it was the waiter who brought me the wrong drink. I asked again to return the Sparkling Rose and get the regular Rose I had originally ordered (I still hadn't drank it), and I was laughed at. I ordered a club sandwich with fries. The sandwich was soggy and the fries were cold and old. I had my friend taste my meal and she agreed it was terrible. I didn't have the energy to complain again. The bathroom had extremely loud music playing and it super small. In one of the stalls, you have to straddle the toilet or let the toilet rub against your legs in order to open the door and get out of the stall. I'm not going back to this CF.
4 We had lunch last Wednesday and overall the experience was decent UNTIL WE GOT HOME. We ordered cheesecake to go and when we got home we relized they gave us the wrong desserts. I called and talked to Martha the manager who said she was too busy to talk to me and she would call me back. Its a week later and still no call. I spoke to Mark the GM on Thursday he barely apologized and said if we wanted to have our wrong order replaced we need to take pictures and send them to him. Are you kidding me? Such a joke. I guess he thought we made it up to score free covid cake....uuuuh NO....But im here for it and I sent the pictures. Guess what no response. They should stay closed for good. MDR has always struggled with their customer service. In reading some other recent reviews I see I am NOT alone. Good thing the Governor just closed inside dining again. I hope they go under. Based on their customer service they need training desperately. They will not survive.
1 This is the best location out of all locations, because you get a view of the Harbour and can walk outside and dine on the patio overlooking the beach.  My kids love this beach, with it's playground and calm water, after a good meal it's a real treat! Service is always excellent here, and the food is always good.
5 Nice people, fun location, boring but decent food. Here is my problem: the drinks are the weakest you've ever had except for at a luau in hawaii. I got a blackberry martini that tasted like juice. I sent it back and they charged for an extra shot. Altogether it was about $18 for that drink. No thanks.I'm updating this a year later by adding a star. Waiters are very nice. I'm ordering beer now.
1 Cheesecake Factory is one of my favorite chain restaurants, because i like everything i've tried from their menu.  I also like the ambiance and beach view.  Plus it's close by me. :)I've tried a few items from the menu, but my all time favorite is the "Miso Salmon" and this review is for that.  I love seafood and i normally get fried shrimp or crab legs when i go have seafood at restaurants known for their seafood.  Of course Cheesecake Factory doesn't sell crab legs. :(  So therefore I decided to try the Miso Salmon here on a visit a while back and i'm now addicted to it....and can't seem to bring myself to move on to something else on the menu.  The miso glaze gives the salmon a nice semi-sweet taste, but definitely not over bearing.  I would actually recommend this dish to anyone who wants to give seafood a try, and not worry about it tasting fishy.Oh....and if you like Carrot cake, you have to try it here.  Other than the Palm restaurant, i would rate their Carrot cake as my favorite. My least favorite thing about this location is the tight parking spots the valet guys have to fit your car into.
1 The waiters were very friendly and helpful. The place itself not too bad.The reason for 2 stars - the poor quality of food for too much money.To name one example: I dont understand how a restaurant can charge $19 (not incl tax or tip) for some farm raised salmon coming with conventional grown veggies. I feel robbed.And there is not one organic option on the menu.We left without eating...Not our kind of place.
1 Been there thrice so far. Service was good both times and first time was saturday evening! Staff is very friendly and smiley.  Food is good with a HUGE choice, you will never grow bored here. They also have low calorie menu (big plus for me) and low carb cheesecake. Also place is real value for money. All in all good view, atmosphere, food, service and prices.Edit:Last visit they also added a leaflet with calorie listing of all their offerings. This is awesome and I wish more restaurants did this!
1 Great Service, Great Food, and Great Atmosphere!  Always at least a 30 minute wait for Dinner and they do not take reservations. Sit outside on the heated patio if you have a chance, the View is incredible, especially at night! Great for a Date or any other occasion. Waiters are very friendly, attentive, and helpful.And of Course, the Cheese Cake is delicious. My favorite is Pistachio.
2 Never thought I'd give The Cheesecake Factory a less than 5 star review, but here we are. When my sister and I were leaving Venice Beach with my niece and little brother in tow, we decided to stop by Cheese Factory because we don't have one near us, so we figured, "Eh, it's on our way home, why not?"When we got there, we were super hungry, tired from walking around, and looking forward to just sitting, relaxing and having super good food.When we got there, it was valet parking. I've never experienced valet parking at all-let alone at a Cheesecake Factory, although I'm aware it's fancy enough to merit one. Whatever, we're hungry, it's only $5, we pay it. We get inside, the person taking names and handing out those little buzzers that go off to let you know you can get seated isn't very attentive. In fact, it looks like she doesn't want to be there. She's more concerned with primping. There's another girl standing right next to her who is kind enough to ask us how many in our party, and that triggers the other girl behind the computer to ask my name, tells me it will be a 30 minute wait, and hand me a buzzer. Why they need two girls up front to split that task is beyond me, but at least one of them was pleasant.We finally get seated and our server is so nice! She's on task about giving us refills, asking us if we need anything else, etc. So that was one good part about our meal. I ordered the chicken marsala, and my sister ordered the lemon herb chicken to share with my niece. My little brother ordered the kid's pizza. I've had the chicken marsala at at the Irvine location, and I very much preferred Irvine's. It was juicier, more flavorful and the pasta was al dente. The pasta at the Marina Del Rey locaiton was bowtie, and pretty darn undercooked. Not even al dente. More like, it was 2 minutes away from being al dente. Unfortunately did not have any cheesecake with our meal because we didn't have any room (the portions are HUGE) and we didn't want to trek back in the car with perishables. It's a shame, their red velvet is amazing and now I'm craving a slice!
4 Alcohol - yes. Full bar.  Mediocre bet selection. Not much to write home about. Food - not bad. Pretty consistent every time.  Probably like the pasta dishes best. Good sized apps. This location is closest to my work.  Has a good view of the marina so +1 for that. Pretty much know what you are on for if you go to any cheesecake which is probably the goal.
5 A 2 hour wait for a party of 4, the women's bathroom has only 2 stalls for a huge restaurant, and our waitress took FOREVER to do anything for us! WORST CHEESECAKE FACTORY LOCATION EVER.
4 I want there few  times now and i like happy hour with good deals . Mai tai is Great and Fried mac n cheese usually very good and of couse cheese cakes are the best
4 Well, let's just get started by saying that it was 43 minutes to get our drinks. The view is nice and really peaceful, but with that being said I wouldn't come here unless you only are coming for the view. I asked for a Rare Steak and it came back medium. The alcohol is full of ice and when I asked for a soda, it also came back packed with ice. Also the pasta is really soupy and lacks taste. Parking is $6.50 and the vallet guy was a douchebag. Overall I'd say, just stay away from this overpriced place. You are only paying for the view and parking, the food is TERRIBLE.
4 NEGATIVE STARS!!!! We just ordered through Doordash, tired and hungry, was expecting a nice quiet dinner at home and what did I get?? RAW CHICKEN. I got the Chicken Madeira. For the record, I am a cook, I love to cook and am VERY familiar with all my meats. If i wanted to do Salmonella Fridays, I wouldn't have gone through the trouble of PAYING and WAITING for a delivery. There are plenty of things I can lick to do this quicker. Thanks for ruining my night (Hopefully not my whole weekend/week as well!!!). I was eating on the couch, dim lighting and all. The dish has mozzarella cheese on it so for the first few minutes I completely thought I was eating and cutting into chewy cheese. After the first couple bites I started thinking, "How much cheese is on this??" Then I looked closely and realized it was the chicken and it was actually RAW that's why it was tough to cut with my table knife. I ran to the bathroom and  threw up immediately after this realization. Been throwing up since. Already called the restaurant and doordash and made formal complaints. "We apologize." Guess what, this isn't just a "mistake". A mistake is too much salt in your food. You can damn kill people with this!!! I know this place doesn't have the best reviews but was willing to overlook that for the yummy cheesecakes. You can shove all of that. My family, friends and colleagues are all going to know about this.
4 "We are judged by the company we keep". Although this has been my favorite CF, they seem to have the idea that using Quality Parking is going to be good for business. Parking here is valet only. I've watched it go from $3.50 to $4.50 and now $6.00!  Maybe that will work on tourists but locals know better places to go where the don't have to be robbed by parking companies.  I'm surprised that Cheesecake Factory allows this and was surprised at the increase as I was just recently here and was really surprised by the $6.00.  The. Attendants laughed and seemed to Think it's a joke but if Cheesecake Factory doesn't do something to stop this parking price gauging, they will lose business.  I'll never park there again. Next time it would probably be $8-$10.
4 Came on valentines day, was seated immediately which was a surprise to me. It was very busy however the servers were so attentive and calm. Our waiter, John, was magnificent! He was extremely knowledgeable of the menu, knew exactly what to recommend, he overall made out visit super enjoyable. Banana cream cheesecake is a must! Would recommend this location for 3 reasons.. The outdoor view, their service, and the way they plate certain items looks much better to the eye than other locations I've been to. Great!
2.5 Have to give this place 5 stars. Not just for the great customer service but also for the amazing food and scenery like no other. Thank David and Cheese Cake Factory.
4 Have to give this place 5 stars. Not just for the great customer service but also for the amazing food and scenery like no other. This was the best place to take my mom and sisters Thank David and Cheese Cake Factory.
3.5 Came in to eat with my parents and brother the day after Mother's Day. Vanessa our waitress was very nice and attentive . The food was delicious as expected. This place is one of my favorite spots in Marina Del Rey. I got proposed here! Thank you Vanessa for your great customer service.
3.5 Oh my, what can you say about the cheesecake factory except their menu is about 20 pages long. They serve everything and it is all pretty good. I especially enjoy their salads.  this service is always amazing and prompt. And of course you cannot leave there without a piece of cheesecake. Even if you take it to go it is well worth it. The Godiva chocolate is my favorite
4 We went there for lunch during the week around noon. Even though it was busy, we were able to be seated right away. We had a table outside so we were able to relax and look at the boats while we had lunch. We had not been here for quite a while and I have no idea why. It was fantastic. We both ordered off the Skinnylicious menu. For lower (not low) cal menu items they were really tasty. I had the lettuce tacos and we split the shrimp rolls. As good as the food and the environment was, the service was the best thing about our lunch. Our server Jeffrey G was great. He had a great attitude, made suggestions from the menu, always smiling, and was right there with iced tea refills. We couldn't have been happier with the service.
1 A couple times I got sick dinning in this place.Big plates, food not good. There is better chains for the same money with better food.
1 I see many people posting about the mediocre food. Get over it people. It is Cheesecake Factory. It's a glorified TGIFs... and a small step up from Olive Garden... but also everyone knows this when going there. My food was decent and the service was great. I had a member of my party have too much spice on his steak. Our server, Lindsey, was very accommodating in having the kitchen re-cook one and having the sauce on the side.Great service, Lindsey...Good food, Cheesecake Factory...PS - I hate the fact that I "have" to valet my car. I can park in your parking lot by myself.
1 My husband and I were just here for a late lunch on Sunday.  Both the men's and women's bathrooms were disgusting:  Sink with standing water, used paper towel bin overflowing.  It was obvious that nobody had been in to service these restrooms since the place opened that day.
1 This place is very decent! The wait time for monday evening was huge but it tells you that the place is decent! The service was good the food as in every other cheesecake factory :)FYI: valet is $6.50
2 Great Happy Hour during the week. Friendly bartender. Nice location. Usual CF huge menu.
1 Stuff is amazing! So positive they just made my day specially Iman is a great guy and know how to communicate with people its so cool! Thanks for good service
4 I am deducting the star because they undercooked my wife's pasta. It didn't even look cooked. The manager was very apologetic, offered something else to eat and applied a full refund of the item.On the positive side my family and I ordered potato tots, fried Mac and cheese (unbelievably good!), salmon, chicken tenders (most tender I have ever tasted!!) and filet mignon (cooked perfectly). The apple streusel cheese cake was good too. The customer service was great and I will be back.
1 Best location so far in L.A, been 10 times already. Patio has great view (day-time beach, night-time moon). There is a public parking right behind better than waiting valet. Be prepared for line.Service were awesome.
5 This Cheesecake Factory is a cluster. Service is hot and cold, food is very inconsistent. If it weren't convenient because of its location I would not recommend it.
3 I always go to the cheescake located in glendale,CA, and I had never been to this location; however, because of the view, i decided to come all the way from glendale to Marina del Rey. Let me start off with letting everyone know how aggressive staff of valet pariking are. The very first moment we turned into the parking the valet prking guy started screaming "its $6.5 its SIXANAHALF DOLLA, YOU NEED TO PAY ITS NOT FREE PARKING."first of all these guys need to chill out, even though $6.50 for a self parking is a lot, im not as much as upset that i am for their rude screaming and asking for money. We definitely wasnt gonna park and run away if we knew it wasnt free. Maybe this location need to train those rude workers and let them know that they arent catching people who are trying to climb and jump over the America-Mexico Great WALL!I wouldnt say the hostess was the best, either, she didnt even say hi and waited 'till i ask her if she works here and could maybe help us,perhaps!!!!The waiter was nice and made good suggestions on the manu. Food was pretty good especially the burger.The heaters in patio were just for one side of the table so one of us shud sacrifice himself for the other. One could enjoy the view and the other experience the ICE AGE. But the price we paid over all for the parking and  food was definitely worth it. Will be coming back soon.
5 Our group had lunch today, 2-9-13 at noon. It was pretty busy, servers running all over the place. The layout is sort of weird, you have to walk thru the food pick up area. Very congested at that point, but somehow it adds to the experience. The food is "Cheesecake Factory", interesting selections, prepared and presented very good, not great, but very good.The reason for me writing this review is because of our server, GINA, that remembered serving our group in December. I ordered "same as the last time" and she said "Jambalaya, right". nailed it. Made our visit very special.Ask for Gina if you do lunch on Saturdays, you will enjoy your visit as much as we did.
4 The cheese cake factory is a classic. No matter what you order you'll have amazing meal. This location was extraordinary in their service. We are that wired couple that takes their one year old daughter out to eat with us. The server was so nice, he brought out a special dish of chopped up fruit for our daughter to snack on while we waited for our food. Great service!The atmosphere is really chill here, even though it was busy,it wasn't loud. The food came quickly after we ordered. I honestly have no complaints about this cheesecake factory, and I would recommend it to all of my friends and family.
4 i will warn you about the parking situation @ cheese cake factory,if you come in at lunch time pay first otherwise you will be charged an additional fee if you leave during dinner.thats the truth ruth
4 Customer service is hard to come by in LA nowadays, But Vanessa gave me that Southern hospitality. Which you only get in places like, ATL,Texas,Mississippi. Chicken& Shrimp Jambalaya is still Greatest Meal ever.,Thanks
4 My previous visits here were ok however we had a bad experience this time. We ordered mild guacamole which was tasteless. I was looking forward to my food but there was a hair stuck to my pasta!! very disgusting!!!They offered an exchange and I ordered a Togo salad instead. Our waiter Mario was ok but he didn't compensate us for their crappy food he just waived the hairy pasta. On top of it Restrooms were very dirty and very small. Had to wait in line for 15 minutes with a 4 year old. Never coming back here again!!!
4 1 of 2...I have NEVER written a review about a restaurant in my life, but I truly felt compelled to do so today.The first time I visited this Cheesecake Factory, was last month, for my daughter's birthday. For the most part, the experience was good, so I decided to bring my husband back today for his birthday. And, I must say that this was probably the worst experience I have ever had at a restaurant. My family, friends and I have no desire to ever return there again.I'll start from the beginning.I called the restaurant around 1:30pm, and asked if I could make a reservation. I was told that they do not accept reservations on the weekends. "Okay. How long is the wait?" I ask. "There is no wait right now," was the reply. With that, my party of 9 left church, en route to the restaurant. When we arrive, no more than 25 minutes later, the wait is now 1 hour. Wait. What?!? As anyone who has ever visited this restaurant knows, making the choice to leave or stay becomes a tough decision, because you have to valet your car. Or cars, in our case.Three of the people in my party have trouble getting around, so we decide to wait it out. And boy did we wait and wait. (SIDE BAR: During our "wait time," I went to the women's restroom to discover that it only has two stalls; both of which were dirty. The stall that became available when it was finally my turn, was the size of an airplane restroom and is situated next to the lone sink. So, if someone is washing their hands, the stall could not be accessed freely. So, I waited again.) Once I made it out, two people in my party had inquired about what could be taking so long to get a table. Our hour had come and gone. We waited another 15 minutes. Someone must have finally felt sorry for us, because we were digging through our purses and bags for trail mix and mints. We were lead to our table through an endless maze of foot traffic. Things were looking up, we thought.We sat down and quickly placed our drink orders with the waitress. I asked for apps for the entire group, so that we could have something to nibble on while we decided on our orders.My party was so excited when the drinks started coming out, we were finally getting the ball rolling. I was deep in conversation, as our drinks (which mostly consisted of lemonades, soft drinks and water), were being placed in front of us. Until suddenly: WOOSH! My head, back and bottom were shocked by what seemed like the coldest feeling imaginable. The drink server had dropped his entire tray on me. My head, back and bottom were soaked. I gasped in horror. Everyone at my table was mortified for me. Servers, waitresses and managers rushed to me with napkins and towels, desperately trying to gauge my response. The server apologized repeatedly. Long story short, I held it together, and the manager offered me free dry cleaning. Okay. We continued on.Get bread. Order food. Fresh/new drinks.Then suddenly my friend tells the group in horror: "I think I just drank chipped glass." What?!? She had ordered a strawberry milkshake. She informed our waitress and another manager came over to us. It was determined that yes, her drink had glass in it. Again I say, What?!? What is going on? I'm thinking, we need to get out of here. We need to just leave. Can this get any worse?Again, my party wanted to forge ahead. It's my husband's birthday. We're hungry. We're already two hours in and my friend says she feels fine. Okay, we'll stay. We wait and wait. Finally the apps come out. Yes! We're starving. We quickly devour them. Drink refills. Still no entrees. We wait and wait.And then finally, the food slowly starts to come out. My husband and I get our food first and the group, almost in unison says: "Please don't wait for us!" And, thank God we didn't. It would be another 15 minutes before the last person in our party gets their food.Everyone is finally eating, which is uneventful for the most part. My food was good/fine. But, do you remember my friend with the milkshake? She has to send her food back, because her meat was under cooked. Really under cooked. She taps out. She wants nothing else. At this point, she's just waiting for the rest of us to finish.We finish up. Sing Happy Birthday, and it's time to pay the check.My friend's milkshake and food are comp'd. Me, on the other hand, am fully charged for my meal. Really? While I'm still sitting here soaking wet? From my head to me feet? AND, I just discovered that my purse, which was sitting on the floor, is also soaked inside and out? Maybe I'm foolish for thinking my meal was going to automatically be comp'd after what happened to me. At any rate, the waitress talks to the manager, and gets my meal is comp'd.To be continued...
2.5 A bit loud in here but for good reason. This place rocks and is busy. With a 15 page menu and gluten free options there is a dish for everyone here. Service is second to none, these guys and girls know how to treat you like royalty.
4 dirty silverware no service we ask For dressing for salad  didn't show up till we finish so the bread.one server show me where to tip.tip for  what service I didn't get.
3.5 If you want a girl to fall for you and I mean FALL bring her on a date to Cheesecake Factory in marina del ray, ca right on the beach! First dates are a must here!I brought my girl here on her birthday right in front of the beach we had a table and I took her to the front of the ocean and I shouldn't go on you get the picture after a few drinks life is beautiful. I gave her Birthday present to her right at the beach front. And yea you know the rest. The Cheesecake Factory's menu and food is always amazing no mater where u are but I must say a must have appetizer is the avocado egg rolls. Thank you Cheesecake Factory for having such an amazing location on the beach.
3.5 We all know that C.F. has something to satisfy any ones hunger, but ask to be seaten outside, order the crispy beef, and one (or two) of their delicious cocktails and call it a day!P.S.  Their strawberry and raspberry lemonades are refreshing and sweet!
4 Hosted a friend's bridal shower here and...WOW!  I just need to extend my gratitude once again for the amazing job the manager Quinn and his staff provided for us, especially Steve!   They truly made this a memorable event.  Everyone had a great time and everything ended very smoothly.  The professionalism and kindness is incomparable! I did hear about this man that had made some complaints about the noise.  Actually it was interesting many strangers at the valet said they were happy we had such a great time, but that man was upset.  It's unfortunate that people have to be negative like that, especially when his wife clearly wanted to join our party and never asked to be moved with a couple of other parties happening around at the same time.  It's already a loud restaurant.  I think he just wanted something to complain about...what a lame-o.
1 This was hands down the nicest Cheesecake Factory I've been to. I haven't made it to the original in Beverly Hills, but this one definitely tops the one at the Grove. Waterfront location, right on the Marina, especially if you go to the "Beachfront" section. The great view makes up for the lack of the full menu.I came here with my gf on a Fri night, so the place was pretty crowded. I don't know how long it would have taken to get seated inside, but the wait for the outdoor "Beachfront" was about 5 minutes. This area is pretty big, and it seemed a bit understaffed as the waiters were all quite harried, but that didn't result in a negative experience. They were all extremely courteous, down to filling the water glass as soon as it was empty (if not before).As far as I can tell, everything on the menu is pretty great. The items that cost more than $12 end up actually being cheaper because there's too much food and you can take half home for another meal. And you can always have as much complimentary bread as you want. Go for the wheat, it's great. The sourdough isn't bad, but it pales in comparison.The main downside of this location is the mandatory valet parking in the lot in front of the restaurant. Being the cheap suburbanite I am, I decided to just park on Washington (the meters are free after 6) and walk the couple of blocks over instead.
1 Super irritated today is Super Bowl and I ordered some food for the game. I called using the Curbside Pick up. When I got there and called the number on the parking sign no one picked answered the phone. I then called the main line and they said they would send someone out. I waited about 6 minutes and no still came out. I then called again and they said they would let someone know again. About 5 minutes past and still my food was still not out. There were people that came after me who went it to get their food and left before me. I wasnt dressed appropriately to get out of the car or else I would have. After about also 15 minutes they finally brought my order out.The food was ok. I got Avocado on my salad and they just left it on the side without mixing it in with the rest of the salad like the cheesecake factory in Redondo Beach does. The food didnt seem to live up to Cheesecake Factory's usual standards.
5 Worst Cheesecake Factory I have ever been to I got scammed from the valet to the food I'm sorry but the chef for this place needs work. just a good View that's all highly recommend not coming here!!!
4 Yes, it it's a cheesecake factory, yes the food and service is exactly like every other cheesecake factory.  What makes this place great is the beach side seating. When you get there, don't even go in the front door, walk down towards the beach to the entry for the patio restaurant, there's usually no wait and you feel like you are literally eating on the beach!
5 If I could give zero or half a star I would. Came down here with a party of seven. We were given an estimate of 1 hour wait. Which is fine since it's plain to see that they were having a busy day. Decided to cancel and go somewhere else only to find out that their valet would still charge you money even though it hasn't even been 5 minutes. This restaurant needs to rethink that and waive the valet fee so that the customers they couldn't serve will be likely to come back. Really disappointed.
5 While admittedly the food at the Cheesecake Factory is amazing, the service & consideration is below par. We went for my birthday on Sunday. Our 30-45 min wait was over 1 hour. Our buzzer didn't go off, they claimed to have come outside & called us, but during the hour I was outside the door, no staff EVER poked their head out. Once we were finally seated, the hostess & the server both offered bread, which neither ever brought. They did get the kid's food order in & out quickly, but the Mac & Cheese was as hot as lava & they were starving given the long wait. The coup de gras, was a bird pooping in my hair as we were wrapping up. Admittedly that's not the Cheesecake Factory's fault, but I think it speaks to our experience.
5 Same as any other Cheesecake Factorys out there..MAJOR TIP to all my MDR locals...Get it to go! This place is swarming with tourists and hotel guests so it is quite the headache, especially for dinner. Despite the chaos, service is always good and everyone is friendly enough. Quite dangerous living 2 streets down from here but I'm a sucker for them cheesecakes.
1 This restaurant now prioritizes takeout orders and as a result the in dining experience is rather unfortunate. We waited two hours for a table on Sunday evening because of the social distancing rules which I will say the restaurant does a great job on that. We felt safe and the restaurant didn't feel over crowded. We also love this location as it's on the beach with a playground for the kids. However. The service was slow. We sat down and it took our waitress 15 minutes to even say hello. We were offered bread at the end of our meal. And the waitress took over an hour to bring out the adults food. Thankfully she did bring the kids orders out right away. Our orders took so long that we asked for it to go. I literally ate my food in the car on the way home. I honestly believe our waitress  forgot to even put the order in as when my turkey burger came out the waitress said..oh let me go back and get your fries.  I waited an additional 6 minutes for fries. Her explanation for my hour wait for a turkey burger was that it was made with cheese and had to be re made. Mind you, she only explained this after our hour wait. Most of the night we never saw her. And the other adult meal was just as late as mine so what was the reason for that? The food was very tasty though. I enjoyed my burger on the freeway. Sad that our first in-dining experience post Covid quarantine was so unfortunate and it was for a birthday as well.
1 Food is always good here; service is always terrible. I feel bad, They under staff; and I see the waiters running around everywhere but they just can't keep up.
1 You know when you ask your server about something on the menu and you can tell you hit on something they totally love?  Like they even sound a little excited talking about it?  That's what happened when I mentioned that I was thinking of getting the Farmhouse Cheeseburger to our server.  I don't remember everything she said, but I picked out the words "new on the menu," "big" and "gooey."  It was all of that and more.  I mean, the thing was topped with pork belly and a fried egg.  It was enormous.  Yolk spilled out when I pulled the bun on.  I had to fold my napkin the opposite way afterwards, it was such a mess.  Oh and then I chased that down with a banana cheesecake.  Yeah, i think I moved one step closer to heart disease tonight.  At least I did so deliberately.
4 All the times I've gone there Ive always had a great experience.  I've only been to this one.  I love how it overlooks the sand and they have heaters outside.  My cocktail was a little on the strong side but that shouldn't be a complaint.  Just ask your server for more juice.  Drink your juice Shelby.
4 It is all about the patio, a perfect spot to have a chill lunch.  CCF always has an expansive menu, so it is hard not to find something you will love.  I am hooked on the Thai Chicken Lettuce Wraps.  I also think their brown bread is the bomb.
4 Always, always busy. Usually very large portions but you do pay a bit for it. Most locations have a great view as well. Food is consistently good but usually not great. Services is usually very good, sometimes great. Great for groups, eat in the bar area if going solo, a bit noisy for a romantic dinner. Enjoy!
4 Ordered meatloaf for lunch and it's really burnt, have to return it, no more meatloaf for me starting today. Bad experience with it anywhere I go. Manager and server really nice and apologetic so everything is ok. Had mashed potato which is really good. Happy tummy. Replaced my food and looks good, but can't eat anymore ,lost appetite already.
4 After it taking 15 minutes for the bread to arrive once seated, our main food came out before our appetisers. After finishing the appetisers the freshly cooked mains came out... The base of the margarita pizza being unedible it was so burnt. They took it back and made a new one which we ended up taking to go. We over heard atleast 3 other tables close by us having problems with their orders too. We also had to request some complimentary adjustments to the bill. Every cheesecake factory we have been to its been $4 dollars valet parking, which we were shocked at at first as I have a driving license, im fully capable of parking a car and I also have legs to walk 100 yards to the restaurant. After waiting 10 minutes for my car to be driven to me on pick up, they asked for $6 dollars. Whilst we questioned the price change, the valet driver behind us didnt stop ignorantly beeping his horn for us to hurry up. Our waitress was Lexi P who seemed to be the only person in the restaurant who had any urgency, understanding and motivation for her job. So thank you Lexi!
2.5 This is the best place to come for lunch with the family. We had lettuce wraps on the light menu and it was delicious and filling. The kids had Mac and cheese and chicken nuggets. The Mac and cheese the kids didn't like. After we went outside which is the best part there was a great yard which I posted pictures right in front the beach. Would definitely come here again!!
4 Visited this restaurant today.. electricity went out as soon as we received our drinks. Lady Manager that assisted us was very unprofessional.. we didn't have time to wait due to our flight being later tonight , we told her we needed to leave and she brought a ticket for our drinks. 3 waters 3 teas and 2 lemonades. I proceeded to ask her if there was anyway to comp them since it wasn't our fault .. she said NO because the server needed to get paid. WHAT A JOKE!
3.5 Extensive menu. Consistently good food and service. This location has a great view of the marina too. Lovely at night
3.5 My bill was $130 & I still tipped them 18% because the food was delicious... Beautiful atmosphere but the service was disappointing.. our appetizers came out at the same time our entrees.. sure it happens and I forgive them but the thing that keeps bothering me, even 2 days after, is that one food runner's comment that I'll never forget. ( As the appetizers and entrees come out and he's holding them ) & we said something like this is disappointing because our entrees are pretty big so we'd like to take some time to digest our appetizers before we grub on the entrees. THIS GUY SAYS........ " oh would you like me to pack your appetizers to go and just leave you guys your entrees now?? " ......... LOL are you kidding me? Sadly I'm never coming there again because of his comment. Such a shame.
4 Here's the deal with the Cheesecake Factory... this is true not just of the Marina restaurant but also the ones in Brea or Pasadena as well. There are some items on the menu that I really like! Some of my favorites are the Pasta Jambalaya, Memphis Burger, and the Chicken Madeira. With places like the Cheesecake Factory, once you find something you like I guess you keep ordering it. I'm sorry but some things on the menu don't sound good at all. Like all chains they keep weeding out those items that don't sell. Our favorite cheesecake quickly became our least favorite cheesecake once they changed the recipe. We used to order the carmel cheesecake all the time until they changed it for some reason. Now we order the red velvet cheesecake. Simply to die for. Literally to die for because it's so full of calories and other stuff that clogs arteries and cuts down on life span. We have to split it. Oh well, that's the price one has to pay if one wants to splurge a bit. I usually find the atmosphere and the service pretty good. I will always return... just not as frequent as I used to and most always with a gift card that someone has given us.
1 Slow, food is tasteless, waiters not attentive, bathroom disgusting. I found a hair in my food. There's a CROWD u have to push thru to get out of there. There's no room to walk. No one cleans the tables and bread takes 20 mins to come out as an appetizer. Fire hazard place, unsanitary and frustrating
1 Honestly, if you mess up an order you should have the decency to remove it from the bill. This female manager last Sunday did not do so. She just apologized and asked if I wanted more fries
5 Can something so ubiquitous in America also simultaneously be a tourist trap? It appears so. This Cheesecake Factory is right off the beach at Marina Del Rey, making it a prime location for out-of-towners and Angelenos alike to dine on predictable food while ooohing and ahhing at a water view. This one has been here for awhile, and it shows. Decor is a bit drab. The staff, though friendly, can be slow, and the food is exactly what you expect from Cheesecake Factory--decent in a formulaic way without being excellent. It's a formula that works, because whenever I'm visiting LA, 1/3 of the time I somehow end up here with friends or family. So it's spot-on three stars from my book. Valet parking only. Wait time 1-2hrs on weekends.
4 I always depended on Cheesecake Factory restaurants for their excellent service and quality/generous portions of food, but was left very disappointed after our Sunday Easter brunch. Took an hour to get our food and one of the orders was wrong. Our server didn't even check on us while we waited for a food to arrive. When our food came, it was barely warm. Our server told us she notified the manager but after 20 min, we had to ask another server to contact the manager and the manager told us he was just notified the minute prior.. in other words our original server lied to us. She couldn't even bring us hot sauce in a timely manner. Very disappointing that this restaurant chain is becoming subpar and more similar to a Denny's. Save your time and money for another restaurant, we're done here.
1 Now I live close so I have been here a bunch.The outside  appearance is beautiful. You can look out or sit outside with a very nice marina water view and they have heat lamps for the girls. The inside appearance is good, but a bit loud.For the price it's awesome, large portions. ;-)The wait service was excellent and very friendly.  The food was very good, now this isn't a high class place but again for the price you can't beat it.Now Linda's Fudge Cake with Ice Cream is my favorites.If I had to pick a negative the bathrooms were not the cleanest.  ;-(
1 I am a HUGE fan of Cheesecake Factory, but I have to shun this location.First, I do not like forced valet, but whatever.  I can deal with that.Ambience is nice.  It's right on the water, which is nice, but can get really cold if it's not sunny out.The last couple of times I have been to this particular location, I have been disappointed.  Had a completely incompetent server.  He didn't know what "top shelf" meant, and that alarmed me.  Not a big deal, my mom's boyfriend just todl him that the bartender would know.  He insisted that we explain what top shelf meant.  LoL.  Theeeeeeeen...he forgot one of our appetizers, and when I brought it up to him, he told me that I didn't order it or that I ordered it from someone else.  I had 3 others with me who can attest to the fact that I DID order two appetizers.He was pretty much MIA throughout our dining experience, not that I wanted to interact with him much after our rocky start.My other experience was coming here for brunch.  We were seated in a booth in a corner.  I happened to look up at the wall and there were tiny fruit flies all over the wall.  GROSS.  Appetite pretty much lost at that point.This used to be a really good location, but I just can't bring myself to go back.I'll stick with the Brentwood location if I am on this side of the hill.  In the valley, I'd go with the Sherman Oaks or Woodland Hills location.
1 I think everyone either likes the Cheesecake Factory or they don't.  I like it because the menu is so extensive that there is bound to be something for everyone; even the pickiest eaters can find something.My favorite Cheesecake Factory restaurant so far though is the one in Marina del Rey, CA.  I love to go there and sit out on the patio.  The view is wonderful.  Pair it with the great food and it makes any day an amazing day.
5 Service was excellent Food was awesomehad the miso salmon , vannila bean cheesecake and i forgot the drink but it was all amazing
1 Came here to have lunch with my cousins and we were seated promptly outside facing the beach. It was such a wonderful day and view!  I ordered a pulled pork sandwich that was delicious and flavorful. Service was a little spotty as our server looked like he was over his head with tables.I'm only taking a star away due to the valet parking. It's bad enough that you are forced to do it but worse when they charge for it.
5 If you only knew how much I crave Cheese Cake Factory, you would think I'd give it a 5 star rating but...not.  Once upon a time it was a pleasure to dine here but I just don't feel that way anymore.  Outside dining seating has been reduced to cafeteria style setups and you are literally sitting with strangers that cannot hold a intimate conversation unless you speak in alien code.  I can actually smell what's on the other guest plates and hear them chew and swallow.  (I don't know you like that)  I am so sick of valeting my car.  If I'm going pay for something, I'd rather it be park and ride not someone else to park my car where I am very well capable of parking my car.  Sometimes we go late and when dinner is done it should be time to go not time to wait again for my car.  It's really not as convenient as they may assume it to be. The consideration that we take into account is, can we stand the wait.  Which is usually 25-60min. on average.  Do I really feel like dealing with the crowded reception booth that everyone stands around like they have the winning lotto.  The food is good and I absolutely come here solely for some outside dining and the Cajun Jambalaya which I find to be a grand cheat meal.  The flavors in it are awesome.I came here for my birthday once and the waiter just brought out this tiny sample cup of ice cream...that's it but another table got a birthday song and a slice of cheesecake.  : - OThe wait staff are a crap shoot.  Some people are great at what they do and some just need  a job (I get it).  I tip accordingly so, when your service surprises me, I surprise you but when I'm asking myself questions like, "did that just happen", I'm checking off.  I have a problem with people that lack people skills, working in the service industry. Even though I come here for the food and the ambiance there are some things that get in the way of that fulfilling experience of dining out.I gave two stars for the ambiance alone.  Some days its nice to spend a couple hours on the bike path and then head over to CCF afterward.The bar seating is a bit crowded but not overwhelming and the TVs are kind of high on the wall and there is no sound when watching the game.  Not ideal but if you find yourself there, it's doable if you don't want to miss a particular game.  Biggest Con:  That tiny ass bathroom that always need a tiding up.  Two stalls? TH Sometimes I just hold it.  The last few times we have ordered our food to go on our way there because they expect a tip if you order from your car and they bring it out.  Naaaay, I can walk in a pay, no problem.  They always forget your condiments even when you ask for them in advance like, bread no butter and sometimes utensil.  They'll double check your food order but it's up to you to make sure you have the extras you requested.Overall: I will still come here from time to time but 9-10 it will be for take out on a cheat day.  They are not the worst
4 It's cheesecake factory how can you not love it? The honey and I came here for a Valentines day dinner. I got the usual Angel Hair Pasta with Shrimp and my boyfriend got the Jambalaya shrimp; both were absolutely delicious! Our waitress was super friendly and very quick on refilling our drinks and bread :]Also, if you want an extra touch of romance ask for outside seating that overlooks the water front. Trust you won't regret it!
4 Terrible experience. I got there at 8:30 and asked for a table for 2 outside and was told that its gonna take about 20/25 minutes. After waiting for 30 minutes, I walked up and asked again and was told another 5/10 minutes. After another 10 minutes, I am told that its gonna take 10 more minutes while the waiting area is empty, people who showed up after us got their tables, and the lady is telling me that if I want a table outside, I can get it right away, which is what I asked for at arrival. She told me to wait a few more minutes. After a few minutes, I walk up again for the 3rd time, and the lady is telling me again that a table outside will be ready right away, and ask me if we are 6 people? I dont know where she got 6 from when I clearly told her table for two, showed her 2 fingers when I got there. She barely looked or listened. After waiting for about 50 minutes to finally get a table outside, I waited for another 10 minutes at my table without a server showing up to even bring us water. I ended up leaving the table and the restaurant and went to cheesecake factory in Santa Monica instead, way better service and way better attitude than the lady in Cheesecake Factory in Marina Del Rey.
4 You and your friends/family can't decide where to go? Come here, they have everything for everybody. That's what I love. And everything is delicious. Service was great by servers, but hosts may look annoyed. Their the first point of contact, they should be more welcoming and friendly. I would give them 3.5 stars, but they remind you when they bring the check that the tip is not included. Who says that? But the food is good, so I bumped it up.
4 The food was subpar. We got our food and the southern BBQ burger was under cooked, missing the onion strings, and the fries were very small proportions. Also the guacamole salad with salmon really little and was extremely over priced. So overall the meals were not the best.
4 I love some of the food at Cheesecake Factory and the cheesecake even more. This has got to be the one with the best service I've been to with Brentwood being the worst.If you're a fan of cheesecake or Cheesecake Factory, give this location a try.
4 What a view!!!Sit outside to see the Marina. Wow. Service is also good and staff is more than friendly.This is why this is my favorite restaurant chain, food is good and quality is excellent.Just get in a cardio session before you come so you don't feel guilty.
2.5 Good food like always, good service.For some reason, the caesar salad I ordered was so so so good!! Lol it was like the best I ever ate! maybe i was too hungry? but it was oh soo yummy
4 Good- Wait staff is usually pretty nice.- Some nice views of the water.- Pineapple upside down cheesecake is good.- Breakfast is served all day long.Bad- Expensive prices for mediocre food.- Parking lot is valet only ($4.50 for dinner).- Huge menu with like 200 items.- There's ALWAYS a wait. If you have a large party, good luck.I honestly don't know why people love this place so much.....
3.5 I love this place.  This location is better than the Grove!! Valet parking is $3.50 for lunch. Even though it is ALWAYS busy the wait wasn't long and I love that they have the new Skinnylicious menu with healthier/less fattening options! Even with the Skinnylicious menu, you can never go wrong with choosing the Kahlua cheesecake, omg!!
3.5 probably the best cheesecake location in LA. I pretty much come here for the night view of the harbor. It can be very romantic when you sit at the patio. I always order Louisiana chicken pasta, hibachi steak, or Chicken Bellagio. And thai lettuce wrap. They are very delicious and all the other dishes are well above average. I came to this location more than 10 times and planning to come again soon!
4 This used to be my favorite Cheesecake Factory out of all of the locations until I started going to the grove which was closer to my old place. Anyways, the service is great and I am in love with the happy hour!If you want to come and eat at somewhere that has a nice appetizer and drink menu for a good price with your girls, this place is great.It's also good for dinner in general. Because the menu has so much variety, it's a great place for a first date because there is something for every taste bud.
2 You come here for the amazing view during dinner... especially if you're sitting outside.  Its amazing been here a couple times. It's the cheesecake factory that you know & its pretty much the same everywhere.  Which I actually like, what makes this place special is the scenery & water. I had a good experience each time I've visited this cheesecake factory.  Of course I'm sure the company I was with had alot to do with the romantic atmosphere! Service is great, the s'more cheesecake is like a heavenly explosion of chocolate and melted marshmellows in your mouth! Omg its amaballs! And who doesn't love the bread here yum! Will definitely return for another romantic date night with my .
4 Came in the other day for a well needed friends reunion, we had excellent service and delicious food. I usually go to the one in Sherman oaks, but this one is by far my favorite location because of the waterfront deck and beach like cabanas.. If you're on a date or family outing this is the place to stop in for dinner. Try the banana cheesecake it's the best!
4 Had a pretty disappointing experience,  I'm new to the whole baby and stroller thing as I have a 10 month old and its pretty difficult finding restaurants that want to be helpful and accomidating when it comes to babies. I specifically tell hosts that I need a area where I can fit a stroller and am willing to wait until something fitting opens up. These guys were out of their small minds, the spot I asked for was given to 3 adults who came 15 minutes after me cause I was in the front waiting and can tell when people are just arriving. They instead wanted me to carry a stroller up to the highest point where there was hardley enough room to walk let alone fit a stroller. Anyway I ended up leaving after waiting for 30 minutes upset and frustrated. They didn't give a flying 4 letter word didn't apologise and didn't really care about ruining someones whole dinner experience. Anyway if you have a baby stay away, far away. I've been there before with my wife and it was whatever or average to say the most. I hope management kicks it up a notch and starts using their brains to think and be considerate of people with small babies. I'll maybe go back when my son is alot older and can sit on a normal chair, until then Marina del rey Cheesecake Factory will definitely not be anywhere in my top 20 places to go.
1 Sat in the bar for a chill meal with my wife, and couldn't have had a better server than Brendan. Great service, and just a pleasure to have him serve us. Food was delish: Asian chicken lettuce tacos, tossed green salad, and the surprise of the meal... chicken samosa's. Just what we needed tonight.
1 Had no wait time on a friday evening for party of 2. The window seats are nice for something to look at. Get alot of food for the price.
5 SLOOOOOOOOW service. Everything took forever. Not good. Yelp is telling me to write more, so I'm just writing. Trump is toxic, and he's the candidate the GOP deserves
5 2 of 2...Almost 4 hours after starting this ordeal, my husband drapes me with his suit jacket, so that I don't endure further embarrassment on the way out.And now, for the "nail" in the coffin...As I'm helping my mother in law navigate back through the endless maze of foot traffic, I notice something odd next to the plates of food that are about to be served to other patrons. (Again, anyone who has ever visited this restaurant knows, the food is within arms reach of people walking in or out of the seating areas.)It was a nail. Yes, you read that correctly. In some way, I would have liked to assume that it was a fingernail, but it almost looked too large. I'm thinking to myself, that HAS TO BE a toenail! A TOENAIL! I turn back to my husband and ask: "Is that a nail?!? Right next to the plates of food?!?" He looks at me horrified and says: "Yes, yes I think it is."ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTING!When I tell you that I will never step foot in that Cheesecake Factory again, please take my word for it.My children had to use the restroom on the way out, and there was a line of about 6 or 7 women already waiting for one of the two stalls. "Nope, you have to hold it," I tell them. "We are leaving right now!"Again, I don't write restaurant reviews and I have no malice toward anyone involved with this establishment, but I really felt compelled to sit here and write about my experience in its entirety, in hopes that something will be done to make improvements there.A few suggestions for management:*ACCEPT RESERVATIONS ON WEEKENDS! That seems to be a good option to control the massive amounts of horror stories that can likely occur with so many people in one place, at one time. Because of this decision, you have horrible wait times (to be seated and to be served), disgusting bathrooms, frazzled (and sometimes rude) workers/staff (although our waitress was nice, so we made sure to tip her generously), overworked/slow cooks and dissatisfied customers.*FIGURE OUT HOW TO CHANGE THE LAYOUT. There is absolutely no reason why there should only be 2 stalls in a women's restroom, when your restaurant capacity is (supposed to be) 135, and your employees use the same restroom! (I only know your exact restaurant capacity, because I think I read everything on your walls, during my wait to be seated. Smh.) I would imagine that changing the layout would also help with patrons and staff running each other over, while trying to navigate throughout the restaurant.*FIGURE OUT HOW TO KEEP THE FOOD AREA INACCESSIBLE TO THE PUBLIC. This needs no further explanation.And with that, I close. Rant over.
4 I ordered the Caesar salad with chicken and bacon to go. I didn't get the bacon....  but I paid for it.  Few weeks ago there was a worm on my plate. That's how they served my lunch. This place is getting out of control. The front desk greeter who seats you has a huge attitude with no smile on her face. Maybe this is not the place to work for your tips....
3 I love this location, but at night, I waited 30 minutes for service and no server showed up......very angry!!!!!!!!!!
1 I've been to many different Cheesecake Factories in both Atlanta, Austin, and San Jose. This place has to be the most unappealing of them all from an ambiance perspective. The waitress(s), they were nice. Turned down the outside heating so we could enjoy the cool marina sea breeze. I noticed the place closed at 1 AM on Friday night. Quite late. I was a bit unhappy with the Mojitos. I ordered one for my bro so he could try it. He had a few sips and I finished mines and his without much of a buzz.Food delivery was a tad slow, but once it got here, it was good. The waitress came back plenty of time to check if everything is okay. Definitely happy with that. If you are dead hungry, Cheesecake will serve you big portions that'll definitely fill yer up so eat up!
2 I think overall is OK, best thing sitting outside looking at the Marina.Nothing fancy, I just go to pig out on dessert, a cheese cake with ice cream and chocolate sauce, and that's it!! Not the best cheesecake I tried, not the worst. We always go pretty late so the sitting is not a problem, the service was always good. But I can understand the people complaining about long waits because earlier is madness, full of cars and people even waiting outside.Never tried anything else but cheesecake so I do not really know how the meals are. Comparing with the other Cheese cake Factory I went on The Groove, this is better in my opinion, better sitting and better service.
4 I lunch with the ladies of Venice Beach on wednesdays at different local eateries and yesterday was a pleasant experience at the Cheesecake Factory.  It's always wonderful to eat overlooking the yachts and ships, and our hostess and waiters mades sure that we had a great view by making sure to move the tents and canopies.  I ordered the chicken enchiladas and lemondade (which was quite sweet but didn't stop me from refilling!) and the portions were large and filling, in fact there was too much food to eat and I doggy bagged half of the food for later.  I also noticed that my other five companions had leftovers also.  Here are my ratings:Service:  4 starsTaste:     3 starsLocation: 4 starsPrice:     3 starsOverall we all had a nice time :-)
4 Your usual consistent Cheesecake Factory, but set in MDR overlooking the marina.  Major bummer: paying for parking.
4 Easy to love, especially on a sunny Friday afternoon in March. Came here for lunch two weeks in a row and sat out on the patio. The service was excellent, the atmosphere was tranquil, and the food was delicious. I had some flatbread and a skinnylicious Asian Chicken Salad and my beau's mom had the Herb Crusted Salmon Salad. Yum! It ain't cheap, but the portions are large and the ingredients are of high quality.I've eaten here on many occasions and definitely recommend it!
4 LOCATION: Love it! Right on the beach.  Outside seating is so nice (if you end up on a couch seating facing the beach).  Shady and beautiful.GLAMBURGER - OLD FASHIONED HAMBURGER:  Had lunch and wanted a nice burger.  Tasted great - but it is exactly what the name says - ol' fashioned burger.  PINA COLADA:  Totally hit the spot!DOWNSIDE: Very disappointed that the women's bathroom did not have a changing table for babies.  I had to walk around to find a spot on the beach to change my daughter's diaper.  There's obviously plenty of room in the big bathroom, so not sure why they don't have it installed.  What's ironic is the restaurant is right across from the children's playground!!
4 Favorite place on earth! Good food, awesome cheesecake :), and THIS location is the best one ever.
2.5 Ordered for pickup tonight since we can't eat out (COIVD-19) placed a phone order, was told that they would text me in about 30 minutes to let me know if food was ready. Got there.... tons of people, about 50% without masks.... LITTLE TO NO SOCIAL DISTANCING....I called and asked if I could pay over them phone so we wouldn't be around people... they said no. I called after 40 minutes and the order was still not ready. After an HOUR, My husband finally went to ask... and they brought out food out. They forgot part of the order which we noticed when we got home. As soon as my husband got into the car, I took out fries since my toddler was already falling asleep. The fries were cold. Like not even warm. Cold. I never got a text and we paid for a cold order of food with missing items. A month into the stay at home order and people calling in orders, you would think they would have it together.
4 It's a Cheesecake Factory so you know what you are getting into food wise. An extensive menu with healthy to not so healthy options. Kids Mac n Cheese was a favorite with the kids. Not directly related to the restaurant but a definite bonus is the kids big playground just outside on the beach. It was probably the first time ever I was disappointed the wait was only 5 minutes.
3.5 Let me start by saying that I love The Cheesecake Factory, and this is the location that I frequent the most. It's disappointing that I am giving a 1-Star review, given the fact that I always have a great experience here. Today my fiancé & I were there to enjoy a meal in the honor of a relative that recently passed away. Upon entering the restaurant, we were told there would be a 40minute wait for a table outside, and though we actually waited over 1hr & 20mins, we were understanding that it was St. Patrick's day and it was such a beautiful day outside. Prior to being seated, while in the waiting area, we could hear a lot of commotion that we assumed was coming from a neighboring place or the beach nearby. Once we were seated however, is when we realized that the commotion was coming from a large party sitting near us.  What is disappointing about writing this 1-star review is that the overall general service was amazing. Our server Angelica was very attentive and polite. Her approach was very genuine and professional. Despite how busy the restaurant was, our food came pretty quickly - and it was as delicious as I remember it. With that being said, our experience quickly turned negative due to the very large group's lack of respect for the people surrounding them. I cannot believe how many times I heard the "N-Word" being shouted by some of the members in this group. Not one time, did I see a server or a manager come to that group and ask them to please refrain from using that disrespectful and foul language and have consideration for the rest of the patrons trying to enjoy their meals. I could tell that the servers were more in shock that this was going on, yet nobody seemed to do anything about it. Within 20minutes of being there, we decided to get our food boxed up and left. It's hard to imagine myself coming back to this location after what I just experienced. This loud group using cursed words and derogatory language, ruined our time and I am sure the time of others present. Our server was trying her best, given the circumstances, but being at this Cheesecake Factory felt like we were at a very unpleasant dive-bar. I hope for future situations management steps in and ensures everyone feels comfortable and safe. I didn't even have the energy to wait for cheesecake like we always do.
3.5 Rude host on staff. Won't be coming back as the restaurant was unaccommodating to our family. Usually love this chain, but this place was a severe disappointment.
4 I absolutely love coming to this particular Cheesecake. Fast and friendly service. And the food is amazing! I always come with my husband and son and they make my son number one priority by giving him his food first so it can cool down and always asking if we need a booster seat or extra bread for him.
1 This is a great place to dine with a date, celebrate a birthday or enjoy the view while dinning alone.  I've done each numerous times here!It get's very busy here (as do all Cheesecake Factories), but it is worth the wait.   The food is good, the vibe is right and did I mention the killer view!
1 Due to Covid 19 I rarely leave my house. A few weeks ago I ordered dinner online at the Cheesecake Factory Marina Del Rey.  I ordered the Spicy Cashew Chicken and in the special instructions I requested they make it Spicy Cashew Chicken & Shrimp. When I arrived to pick up my order, they only prepared it with Chicken. Their explanation was since I paid online they couldn't charge me the upcharge for the special request to add the Shrimp. I asked why someone did not call me as I could have paid the difference upon my arrival (online orders require your cell number just in case they have any questions). So I had to wait 20 minutes for them to re-make the dish correctly and they still charged me the upcharge. Tonight, I ordered online the same dish and I did not pay online since this caused the issue the last time. I planned to pay at the restaurant so any upcharge can be added. I went one step further and I called the restaurant and spoke with an employee. I explained to her my special order. She placed me on hold, discussed with a manager and then verified my order would be made correctly. When I arrived and picked up my meal, I checked my order and noticed the shrimp were in a separate container dry with no sauce. I called the restaurant from the parking lot and spoke to the manager. He apologized, and offered to refund the $7 upcharge for the shrimp. However, he never offered to remake my meal correctly. I asked him what I can possibly do to ensure my future meals are made correctly since this has happened more than once. His response was that I need to always ask for a manager which, in my opinion is ridiculous. If El Pollo Loco and McDonalds can get my order right why can't The Cheese Cake Factory. This sucks especially during a time where food is used as comfort. I spent over $30 and I had to go home and mix the shrimp into my dish using my own stove & skillet. Just another terrible experience. SMH
1 This has to be the most popular location for this chain. It's a bummer that Cheesecake does not take reservations at all!!! The wait *weekend forget about it* can be a total nightmare sometimes. If I am in a rush I'll set in the bar area. Each and every single time the food is always good. Basic comfort food with a California twist. Can not go wrong with this place for lunch/brunch or dinner for two peep's to a group of peep's!Awesome staff service at this location!!! Parking is a private lot/valet.Hula salad is my favorite!!!!
1 Easy easy easy....  Laid back and casual. fun when I bring the kids. They can play out front in the sand while we wait to be seated or after or Sunday brunch. On nice days sit outside and enjoy the great views!Good sized portions and drinks are good. The cheese cake is the BEST! We try a new once each time and share one for the table. They are large.
5 I love this Cheesecake Factory. I've been here twice already, and am definitely a fan. Not only is the food, wine selection, and staff great, but the view is absolutely phenomenal too. If it isn't too cold/hot, try your best to sit at the outside patio overlooking the Marina. It is gorgeous. That delectable combination of good cuisine, wine, and the stunning backdrop is to die for. The only thing stopping me from giving this place 5 stars is the lack of reservation options and the mandatory valet parking, which costs a rather ridiculous $5 considering that there are ample parking spaces in the lot.I guess that's the premium you pay for the view. Totally worth it though.
3 The Cheesecake Factory is my family's de facto spot for any occasion thats celebration-worthy. Everything I've ever had on the constantly-changing menu has been good, from my personal favorite the Chicken Costoletta down to the BBQ ribs, various pizzas, and all the appetizers. The Cajun Jambalaya is amazing, as are the burgers. The lemonades they offer are staggeringly sharp if you aren't careful; I've had to get a separate glass of water to dilute my raspberry lemonade. very thick and uses natural flavors (not minute maid!). The alcoholic drinks are perfectly balanced 95% of the time. The scenery of this place; it's outlook over the marina and a small beach you can walk down after lunch or dinner in the mild Los Angeles weather...it's just fantastic. I don't even need to get into the desserts to give this place a 5-star rating.
1 Great location overlooking the harbor.  It has a lot of outside seating, but both times I ate there I sat inside.Service was good.  On my first visit we had a large group and they handled us smoothly.  Within the same week I took my family in and the service was again solid...even with a new waiter.  They had a little trouble getting folks seated once they called us, but we ended up with a seat but all was good.Food was good.  It seems they are all consistant.  Don't get the Buffalo Chicken appetizer, it had no meat and a lot of fried dough.  Quality is always excellent.Great location, especially when you are staying at the Marriott.
2 Although this place is often uncomfortably crowded and can be a pain in the booty, I still come back....Although I'm pretty sure my fam is over it.Anyway, I'm a cheesecake lover, and although the menu has a great variety of food (some may say too much variety), I've been stuck on the Louisiana Chicken Pasta for a few years now.  And when it comes to the cheesecake?  Don't get me started.  I'm pretty sure you can't make a bad decision here, although you will have your favorites.  The Adam's Peanut Butter Cup Fudge Ripple, Vanilla Bean, Dulce De Leche, and Cookie Dough cheesecakes are amongst my fave. They have plenty of cocktails as well.  Their mojitos are pretty delicious, particularly the pomegranate one. There's a Cheesecake Factory all over the place, and while a little pricey, it's still delish.  If you are coming here with a group, DEFINITELY come early and be prepared to WAIT.  They don't take reservations.  Normally at lunch time, it will be easier to  get a table.  There's my lil tip.
1 The warner center and grove location both have better tasting food and menu IMO.But, pussy-whipped into bringing in-laws here.Orders:Nacho appetizer=gigantic, but not enough salsa, or even close. If they paid a bit more attention to this dish it would be great. Chips are crisp and hot, cheese could be better distributed across nachos.Chicken Bellagio=ridiculous amounts of sodium. Basil pasta underneath so salty that youre better off skipping that part, heavy salty buttery cream sauce. If I was 1/2 my age no prob, but hard to digest for a 37 year old. Chicken lightly breaded and tasted good. They put 2 slices of prosciutto, I'll eat that with anything! And top it with aragula, kinda gets owned by the cream sauce and heat of the plate.Fried shrimp and fries=you order this your asking for it, wivey had it and it vas very "Gordon's fish" like. Cole slaw was gross and tasted raw/unwashed/like dirt/you get da picture.Pizzas=decent, good cheese, toppings, crust. Service=changed 3 servers by the time we decided on a right table, but good overall.Very ho-hum place. You eat one meal here at 1pm and you dont need to worry about food before, during, or after, anytime until you wake up the next morning with garlic dragon breath, no matter how many times you brush/rinse/floss.Benihana, which isnt at all gourmet food these days, still abetter option IMO, but no view.
1 Had dinner with family, prior to an international flight at LAX. Made Jizelle our waitress aware of our pending flight.  Wow!  Quick service.  Also had  told manager that were celebrating 2 birthdays.  She  brought a dessert glass each with a birthday song.  Out in 45 minutes.Going to LAX, I was surprised how close it was. GPS bypass the freeway and got us to LAX in no time.
4 Love the friendly staff here. Really make me feel good when I come in, and when I get takeout. You can since the "smile" over the phone:)Great food too!
4 This is probably one of my favorite cheesecake factory locations. Every time I visit I sit outside on the terrace...BEAUTIFUL! Good food and drinks with great company is always a good combo! Food and service is always on point!
4 Went here for our daughter's birthday on June 1, 2019. Was very disappointed. The service was inattentive and careless. I ordered steak Diane medium rare and ended up with steak Diane medium well done. When I advise the waiter, all he could say was I'm sorry to hear that. No effort was made to try to correct the situation.  It almost seems like this restaurant has so many customers, but they just don't care what they do or how they treat their clientele anymore.
4 Sat at the bar. Took forever to take the order. Flies everywhere. Go to other locations, not here.
4 Came with kids. The waiting time was 30-35 minutes, which is okay.After we were seated server cam fast. We ordered hot tea, they brought slightly warm water, we asked to bring hot tea, they said they will microwave it.Then I took kids to the restroom to wash their hands, on the way back one of the servers dropped something on the floor, me and my kids ended up splattered with some kind of white sauce, it was everywhere, on our clothes, hair, shoes and on m glasses. They brought us some towels to wipe.Then, I ordered my meat to be medium cooked, they brought well done, so it came out a little dry and hard. Not a fun of complaining, but this place is becoming less cosy and less fun to come back to.But other people are right, the scenery is beautiful on the balcony.Hope managers will take note to train their staff and pay attention to hotness of tea, and listen to customer's instructions on cooking.
2.5 I must say I'm not surprised to see so many 2 star reviews. My experience was so bad that I am taking the time out of my afternoon to create a yelp account to let others know about the service at the cheesecake factory's location in Marina. I was served an undercooked dish. I understand that they are busy but this is putting the health of the customers at risk and it is unacceptable. The management is clearly lacking and I do believe that they would be better off without Justin, he is really making this place go downhill. I hope they look at all the bad reviews they are receiving and clean up shop and make some much needed changes.
4 Living across the street from the Cheesecake Factory is pretty a blessing and a curse. It's a blessing because it has anything you could ever feel like eating at a high quality and reasonable prices, plus they are open late, they have a bar, and they have curbside pickup. It's a curse because having an amazing variety of cheesecake that close to me is just not good for my health. Objectively, this place is great other than that it is always busy, they don't take reservations and you have to valet park ( which kind of seems like a nightmare but I always walk, so to be fair I can't talk smack). My favorite food items are the oreo cheescake, the chicken littles, and the crab dip, but everything is good.
3.5 The bartender "Shawna" was phenomenal. Not only  were the drinks great but she was very prompt in completing our order, super friendly.
3.5 Me and my family drove 40 miles to get there for the  first time, worst experience ever, Bad quality , crowded and the manager only attention  only on his kinda of  guest, I complained about my food but he said there is nothing I can do sorry, I have to run my business but I saw the way that treat others
4 Unfortunately I hate to put this down as 2 stars but the service here seems to be getting from bad to worse than ever!! Waited 15 minutes before we even got water then we order receive food from another server our waitress finally check on us 1 hour later... that was after we chase down manager for more water & tea! So... food always good but expect to have crappy service! Maybe they need to hire help??
2 My family and I were supper disappointed by the customer service in this place. We waited for 30+ minutes out side to get a table. Once it was our turn to get a table we waited 10 more minutes inside by the kitchen seen all the waiters running around with their heads cut of getting orders. Finally we were sitted out side. Our waiter had to go on break so he traded shifts with another girl. She was okay, got our order brought it out. But then she disappeared and our old waiter came back. He had no idea what we wanted or needed. I paid with a gift card that I was sure had $50 or more dollars and a third waiter can back and said it only had twenty some odd dollars. I continued to have to wait for my 2 cheesecakes to go for another 10 minutes and the guy waiter had no idea that I had ordered them. The cherry on top was when I had to pay for parking when my family and I were leaving!!! We were not notified there was a few for parking when we first got there. This whole process was a mess and a disappoinment.
1 My friend and I both had not been to a Cheescake Factory in years and I was craving avocado egg rolls and he wanted the fried Mac and cheese. We ordered a bottle of wine and appetizers and then nothing more than 30 minutes: no water, no wine, no bread. We considered trying to find a manger or leaving. Finally our appetizers arrived with the wine and our waiter introduced another waiter who would be taking over while on he was on break.  Asking for bread we were aggressively told they were out and it would be a while and it was according to him "not my deal, I just showed up" basically blaming our first waiter. We waited and waited just having our wine after we had finished our food and at least finally getting water. After ordering desert the bread finally arrived and hour and a half after we had been seated and we had already finished our meal. Our first waiter returned from his break and our temporary waiter with an jokingly told us to tell him what an excellent waiter he was which just made us feel awkward.  We asked for forks and plates for these cheesecake we were going to share and again after waiting and waiting we finally used a spoon and a dirty fork from dinner. The food was great but the service was some of the worse I have ever had. It seems like cheescake factory feels they will always be busy so they can treat customers with no respect and make you wait for as long as they want with no consequences. We were seated for over two hours and all we had was appetizers, wine and a piece of cheesecake.
1 I work for DoorDash and have been here multiple times to pick up food from their to go counter. I can't speak to the quality of the food - but I can speak to the service. You can stand at the counter for a good 10 minutes with multiple employees walking by you without any acknowledgement that you need help. Then, once you do finally get somebody's attention they are unhelpful, rude, and the order is never ready. I understand being busy, but this is just bad customer service.
2 I visited two Cheesecake Factory restaurants in one weekend -- just by happenstance. The Glendale CA location was nice. The Marina del Rey location -- nice also but way too cramped. Cheesecake factory never disappoints in the food department. The food is always delicious, the servers are very good and very amicable. However, this location (at least in the seating area adjacent to the entrance and across from the cake case display) was too cramped. You couldn't move your chair without bumping the person seated at the table behind you. Also, you knew that the parrty at the next table could hear everythng you were saying at your table. Delicious food though.
1 So this Cheesecake factory has managed to squeeze it's way back into my heart lol (prior review). Liz was our server for a short moment, but due to my brief interaction with her I officially declare this my favorite Cheesecake Factory.
3 Lo0ngest Wait Ever.November 5th 2015... (I only give this 2 stars because I actually love the cheesecake factory.)It's a Thursday night, me and my girlfriend arrive around 9:30 prepared to have a nice dinner with one another. We ask for a booth and promptly get seated, she glances over the menu (I know what I want already). We've both decided on what we are going to get, time passes by we haven't been contacted since being seated. In my opinion we've been overly patient waiting for a server (keep in mind it's nowhere near busy) I gage the time by checking a Snapchat picture. We waited 35 minutes before my girlfriend who is in the restaurant field decided we waited longer than what was acceptable. She has to get up and walk to the front of the restaurant to find a manager to take our order. The manager (John) did do his best to fix the situation. Thank you John! and shoutout Louis for atleast bringing us water! Ask for Louis and John! They get things done!
1 I agree  with a yelper on here .... really 5 bucks per parking... I parked it myself and I still had to pay the valet guy to park my own car ...The soup was cold , but i had a good hot chocolate ....the view of the water was nice ... SERVICE Was okay ... I dont know about the rest of the food was to afraid to ask for a salad
4 I had the Nutty Marshmallow spiked milkshake. It was AWESOME with little chunks of marshmallows in it. Both of our pasta dishes were tasty too - Jambalaya and Louisiana Chicken. Kandace was our server and was awesome too. Valet parking is mandatory and cost us $4.50 for an hour. Not too bad for valet parking, but we did have to wait a bit for our car at the end of the night - probably 10 to 15 mins as there were a lot of people waiting in front of us.
4 It's the cheesiestNote: worst coffee ever. Burnt tasting with a gritty texture, but then again they aren't known for their coffee.  Food was on par with other Cheesecake restaurants that I've visited.
2 I am very dissatisfied with the service me and my group of friends experienced on our visit. Me and 3 friends went to lunch on Saturday, 6/23/12. Our waiter, Mika, was very kind and pleasant, however, he was also a bit forgetful. He took his break, and introduced our new server, Matt. The only problem is that Matt only took our order for drinks, not our food. We ended up waiting for Mika to come back from his 30 min break to order our food. THEN, as we watch other tables, who arrived after we did, get their food before we did, the food finally arrives another 30 mins later. The food was great, with the exception of one of my girlfriends. She ordered salad and chicken wings...the problem was that the chicken wings were still RAW in the middle. We asked for the manager, and a gentleman came to our table. I did not get his name unfortunately, but he attempted to tell her that it was a blood vessel that popped during their "double cooking" process. As a mom, and a cook, you know that the blood would be burgundy if the blood vessel popped during the frying, not RED! Thank goodness, he took it off the bill, but we were dissatisfied all together that instead of accepting responsibility, he made it seem as if the chicken was supposed to be that way. The friend who recomended that we visit this establishment, said that she had pristine service before, so we were all baffled at the mistreatment we received on our visit. On the plus side, the scenery  and location is breathtaking, but I regret my visit and would not recommend ANYONE to visit this restaurant....if you expect great service.
4 Food was good, and the outdoor seating is nice too. I've eaten in and had takeout, since I live down the street, both times the food was ready fairly quickly.It can get really busy here, and they pack the tables in tight. Sit outside for a bit more personal space.$5 unavoidable valet parking
4 WOW! awesome food and really good waiter!You get big portions and free refills on the soft drinks.Really good and definitely worth a visit! We went there on a friday night without booking anything so we had to wait for 25min, although after 15 our table was ready
4 Portions are the largest, good atmosphere, the only thing is that is always crowded, any other that it's a great place considering it's a franchise
4 We are in town from Houston so I am not sure if the recipes are different so plz don't take this as negative but ... These are favorites that we always order so I can be critical......1. The buffalo blast was gross. Instead of a buffalo sauce inside the fried chips it was a cheese sauce no buffalo.  2. The calamari was half fried.  3. My daughter didn't eat her pasta, didn't like it. 4. Margarita tasted like a fruit drink--------Came back next night to try again********Great Job ****Super packed again the Host was amazing he was there the night before and I mean a crowed of 50 ppl both nights and he never once lost his cool was alway professional he was GREAT!!5. A jam pack place with 2 restroom stalls so u have a line at the door and a line at the bathroom and every time the men's door opened it reaked!!!!!!!! 6. Pasta horrible you cldnt tell the difference between the chicken and pasta it was like blah in your mouth the waitress said they possibly forgot to add salt to water. 7. Spinach dip chips was stale. 8. Why did my original cheesecake taste like the one at Jacknbox!!!!I LOVE  this place but I wasted a total of $200 combined. Very disappointed  Positive. The Host, daughters Oreo cheesecake, the server who relieved our server of a mandatory break.Chavonne
4 I went with a friend for dinner. It was incredibly and uncomfortably dark inside. They seated us and we waited for 10+ minutes without the waiter coming by. We told a busser (politely) and rather than taking our drink order or giving us bread, he said "they're coming."We waited a few minutes longer and went to Islands. I've been here for brunch before and usually have had a good experience which is why I will give them three stars but this was definitely a zero star experience.
2.5 Well, I normally love this chain. They have great food. It's the service ( particularly at the Marina location) that totally lacks. It's shocking how a chain that has been in business this long can't get their sh't together. My order was given to another table, so I basically watched my husband eat his lunch while I sat with nothing to eat. ( Filling up on bread). Meanwhile, a server came to apologize telling me my lunch was handed to another table. So..... they are making me a new plate ASAP. Well.... when I finally got my lunch, after my husband finished his.... it was the wrong order. So..... again I wait..... ( which wouldn't be so bad if we didn't have a plane to catch). Meanwhile, husband waiting 15 minutes for his lemonade... smh. Get it together people!
4 You know I rarely give one star ratings to restaurant. But this one is very well deserved. I went in and ordered a meal two entrées and two pieces of cheesecake. Difficult right? Pretty simple right? I wasn't asking for seven or eight entrées and nine pieces of cheesecake and drinks!! I had ordered over the phone because it was the most simplest way I could imagine placing an order. I have my daughter pick it up for me and when she got to cheesecake factory she asked if that was the whole order. The lady behind the counter looked stressed out according to my daughter. She also told me that it look like she had multiple orders and that there was a very long line of people waiting for to go orders. After my daughter drove 8 miles home with a meal that we ordered I was shocked to realize that they did not give her the correct order. In fact they shortchanged her one entrée. When I called the restaurant to find out where my other entrée was it must've been the manager on duty it was a gentleman. I didn't catch his name but he seemed rude trying to justify what had happened with my order. Saying that my daughter was in a furry and washed the lady at the counter. I know my child I know she's not the kind of person to rush people. Maybe cheesecake factory need to re-staffOr re-train their staff. If your staff can't handle high stress situation as like a dinner rush maybe they shouldn't be working the counter. I worked in the restaurant industry for 15 years and never have I send Sophie accused that it was my daughter's fault that the order wasn't wrapped properly. Normally into Chewase should like this or whoever is in charge of answering the phone during the dinner rush is extremely apologetic and take for Santa building for the incident. Instead the manager on duty tried placing blame on my 18-year-old daughter why the order was incomplete. Shame on you cheesecake factory this will be the last time I ever visit your location!!
3.5 Went last night to dinner with my fiance, the view outside is perfect. Valet was okay, but food it wasnt nothing really that special. Her ceasar salad needed more flavor, and well im sure it wasnt there specialty plate, however i would have thought they had amazing top notch food. But i can be wrong. At the end they are a cheesecake specialty you can say, and theyre cheesecake is just great.
3.5 I usually love the Cheesecake Factory but I had a bad experience last night.  I ordered takeout and waited 40 min for my food.  Once I got home it was lacking in flavor and dry. Neither of my pasta dishes had any sauce.  I asked for bread and didn't receive any... kinda ruined of my favorite restaurants for me ...
4 I lost my cell phone@ Mothers Beach this evening. I tried to locate it with my IPhone tracker via my IPad. I was not able to connect to internet. An hour went by, and I asked people around to connect to their hotspot, I even went into Foghorn hotel & asked kindly if I could  their guest internet to log in & locate my Iphone / but the receptionist was totally unserviceminded!! CHEESECAKE FACTORY MARINA DEL REY -IS MY ALL-TIME FAV RESTAURANT MLuckily after an hour of search I went into Cheesecake Factory, & asked for my cell phone. I first started to talk with The Sweet service minded Quik thinker ; " The Girl w/ The Tattoos - she  forward my request for help to This Sweet Angel Waitress HEATHER. She immediately went & asked the manager for my cell phone. There it was! I'm so grateful THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU HEATHER & The Manager & The Girl w/ Tattoos behind the Deli for helping me to find my IPhone. It's my work cell phone and all my business contacts. I can't thank you Guys enough. Thank You
5 The service was great!  Thank you Andy. The Filet Mignon was perfect. The only reason why I don't rate it as a five star is because of the vallet parking. Why would you force me to use the vallet parking? Maybe I just don't understand.
3 Good location and easy to walk around beach after eat. This mother beach has playground for kids sometime I take my kids to this playground while we eat...this is the place for your special meal!!
1 This restaurant is a good "go-to" place when you have a group with different tastes. They have an extensive menu that will please everyone. I love the location,right on the bay with views of the Marina. It's very popular so I do recommend reservations at busy times.The cheesecake is excellent so do try it when you go.
4 I always go to cheesecake, but this time the food was not the best, service was not great that is why the 3 stars this time.  I had the Marinara Pasta with shrimp but they were so busy and by the time the food came out it was on the colder side.  Maybe next time its better
1 After a long day of shopping my family and I came to the cheesecake factory to have dinner. An early birthday celebration for my son at one f our favorite dine in restaurants. Upon walking in we were greeted by the host. With a warm smile. I asked her if we could sit at the empty both in the bar section. Which we did. Being that we can in around 4:30pm the dinner crowd wasn't fully in affect. I thought this would be the perfect dine in time. Being that we just attended CF on valentines day (need I say more) as we sat down we waited to be acknowledged several waitress and waiters saw us made eye contact but failed to greet us, let alone take our drink orders. This frustrated me, our son was fresh out of school and very hungry. When the waitress Courtney finally came over. She was very sweet, seemed knowledgeable about products, but not attentive whatsoever! I believe she has the potential to be a great server but today wasn't her day. The food was great but the service wasn't so.... :-(
1 Came here the other night with my boyfriend. We ordered delicious avocado egg roll appetizer and yummy mango smoothies. We had the best customer service with our waiter IMAN he was helpful and SO happy! Only down fall was we wanted to sit outside but seats were too close together so we had to ask to be moved inside.
5 My grandmother loves this location of the Cheesecake Factory! We come every Sunday for brunch. She loves the lemon ricotta pancakes, and my husband loves their omelettes. We ask for Cheyenne when we visit because she's so friendly and attentive! She remembers our orders and gets everything out quickly. The staff works very hard so even though the restaurant is busy, it never feels like service suffers for it. Between the awesome atmosphere and the view of the marina, this place is the best brunch spot!
3 My experience was horrible. First when we were seated it took our server Ron over 30 minutes to take our order. However,  we watch him attend to the two tables on either side of us. Within the 30 minutes it took him to get to us we asked for bread to hold us over. He seemed to be very irritated by our request. My friend expressed to him that she was not happy with her drink and if he could ask the bartender if it could be stronger. He said that he would. He returned to our table 2 times with no response to her questions. She then asked he said that no it could be, and left the drink on the table. The third time he returned she then asked if he could return the drink as she was not satisfied. The next time he came to our table (which was over an hour of us being there) he was clearing the table and spilled 2 full cups of water on the table which spilled all over 1 of my friends and her phone, it spilled on half of my other friend, and spilled a third on myself. We were very shocked as this has never happened and wanted to complain. But our other friend said we have not received our food and to not cause a scene as he might tamper with our food. We assisted with him with getting the water off the table and asked him to please remover the wet bread, silverware, and wet napkins off the table. He did not! We asked for more napkins as we used ours to help him with the water. He came back with the small paper bar napkins ( yet another slap in Our faces). Our good then came to the table. Two out of the 3 plates were cold. We asked him and napkins, and the food being cold and he said, "you are asking for too many thing at once and I'm getting nervous. When I get nervous I start spilling things like water on people" and he then laughed. That was it and we asked for the check. We asked if he could split the check and he then said, " that would take too long, he had other tables to attend too". I then asked for the manager. I had never experienced such terrible customer service before. I explained all of what happened to the manager. He then stated he would have to get the senior manager of 16 years as this was above his level that he could handle. Steven the senior manager came over and listen to what happened. He stated he would comp the two means that were could as we didn't eat them and give us a free cheesecake. He then asked to pack up our meals and disappeared. When he returned with our food he wished us a good night and told us he would send the first manager over to handle our checks. Once our checks came nothing was comped. We only received free cheesecake. This is truly unacceptable! This experience has made me not ever want to come to this establishment again! I have lost trust in the company's ability to give proper customer service and in the management as well! Shame on you cheesecake factory.
1 I liked the food, our server was nice. Just the bathrooms were really dirty, that's all
2 I love Cheesecake Factory. I enjoy the selection and consistency of their food at all of their locations, and cheesecake. I think for the price, quantity and quality, it's tough to beat, especially cheesecake. I tend to order the same dishes when returning to a restaurant and for CF, its the crispy beef. And have I mentioned the cheesecake yet? I'm knocking this particular location because I have a weird hang-up with parking. If I'm coming to spend money at your establishment, at least spot me a parking spot. I know a lot of places charge to park but not at most places around the marina. Even the cheesecake didn't help.
3 I should disclose that I love every Cheesecake Factory in the world. It's my #1 chain all-American restaurant, so this review is biased. That said, the seating indoors here sucks, unless you can get a stand alone booth. The patios, on the other hand, are awesome. If you're a tourist, want a nice view of the Marina, and know there's something on the menu you'll like, I suggest checking it out. The lower section is really nice, but the menu down there is limited so I don't go down there very often as they don't have the Cajun Chicken Little's on that menu (best chicken tenders in the world, don't argue).Parking? Completely sucks. You shouldn't have to $5 valet at the CCF. We usually walk to our car and hand the valet the ticket since it's faster to do that then stand and wait for them to walk twenty feet to grab your car for you. SIlly. Park in the lot across from it and you can save $4 plus get your car faster.
4 I love the plain cheesecake here with strawberries on top.  There are tons of innovative flavors, but the classic is definitely the best.  My other favorite dish is the hot spinach artichoke dip - it is practically a meal in itself.This is a really nice location with lots of seating overlooking the marina.  I would probably come here just for the atmosphere and view even if I didn't love the food.Parking is a bit annoying - you have the option of valet parking or self-parking for the same price, but the lot is crowded and you park in the same place as the valeted cars so it is weird to self-park.
4 Some of the best service I have received at Cheesecake was at this location. The fact that it is by a beach does attract a lot of tourists to the area and the service decreases with the amount of people present. The ambiance is exceptional since the outdoor seating area provides a nice view.Do recommend this location because of the gorgeous marina beach view !
4 Long wait but worth it I got steak Diana BOMB  great service loved waitrer                Returning customer
4 Took my boyfriend here for his birthday dinner. The setting was perfect because it had an outdoor view even though we were inside. The service was great and the food exceeded my expectations. The price was worth it. I choose the red velvet cheesecake for desert and it was delicious. You do have to pay for valet parking but it was less than $5 so it was okay it just made the place seem elegant.
4 So I'm here with my partner and family. The food was sub par to say the least. The waitress looked like she just woke up from a deep sleep. It took over a hour to get our food and when we got it well it was bad. I ordered the orange chicken and the sauce was like jello literally. The food was cold the drinks were totally bad n man what happened to the good cheesecake factory. Service was bad food was bad and I felt like I got rapped because of course i can't just walk out.
2.5 I love this location for the view and the food. For a chain restaurant the food is very good.  The wait time is ridiculous, it's noisy and crowded as it is at most Cheesecake Factory locations so that is a given. The valet charge is too high. In fact I believe there should not be a valet charge at all at this type of restaurant. All that said I actually would have given it 5 stars based on the style of restaurant it is but on a Sunday afternoon at 4:30 p.m. when we were there they were out of more than 10 flavors of cheesecake and that is just unacceptable when the restaurant is based around it's cheesecake.
4 Just a great experience!!  Food was fantastic!!  Great drinks too!!  Customer service was awesome!!  Entering is not inviting...lots of people waiting in line for desert take out....a little awkward!
3.5 Wish  I could give five stars but the staff here is so unhappy the experience is tainted. Actually had such incompetent service we walked out. Sad. Every other location has it together.
3.5 After about 1 hour of waiting my wife's burger arrived with long black hair on the bun. Another 45 min passed, manager with funny mustache came in but not to apologize but to tell that it takes 30 for replacement burger. Another 15 passed another manager came in , he did apologize but also kept on me telling me that replacement takes 40 min to cook. I am not sure how they cooking them, it shouldn't take 40 to refire a burger. 60 min passed new burger arrived finally, but we didn't want anymore , it was on the house, who cares about $13.99 , evening was ruined. Thank you Cheesecake Factory!!
4 Warning... do not order the chicken fettuccine it was horrible... Not only was it horrible but the manager hesitated to accommodate us.. we went there to celebrate my niece birthday with a party of 12 and five or six people order the fettuccine and have the same result ..It came out salty and watery. And what makes it worse we had to wait 2 hours just to get seated to have this nasty taste in my mouth
1 Love this place. Food is great, location is awesome, staff is great and even the prices are great. But the only reason i'm only giving them 4 stars is because they don't take reservations. Many times I have tried to have my birthday dinner there BUT we have to go and usually wait over an hour just to get a table. I think they should be able to accommodate for a party of over 10 with a reservation without to wait an hour.
1 It was such an embarrassment, they don't know how to manage their own restaurant. We got a gift card and one of the waiters lost it so we asked what to do, the manager said its fine just keep the receipt with you for next time. We want there a few weeks later with a guest & tried to use the gift card, and they said that's been used obviously not by us. But the manger didn't care and embarrassed us in front of our friend and more importantly lost a regular customers due to her lack of good judgment. I still can't believe what happened. Never going back there again
5 Wow. Just awful service. Over an hour for our food. My daughters salmon was burnt. My sons hotdogs were legit stinky, like rancid stinky. The waiter just kept forgetting to do everything we asked for. More water, ketchup, anything, he just would plum forget. Also, the waiter dropped some mini corn dogs on my daughter. Like Fresh out of the fryer, scolding hot, corn dogs. He cleared away food from the table without asking, just started piling plates and we couldn't stop him before it was too late. Just a terrible experience overall. Which is too bad because we just moved across the street from this place and would have likely been here a lot, but nope, not making that mistake again.
1 Back in the day this was the place to go.  Being from LA, I've been to this Cheesecake Factory to celebrate someone's birthday quite a few times.  So recently I decided to take someone here for their b-day.1.  First of all they don't take reservations.  I think management does this on purpose so if they are fully booked, people might go elsewhere... instead patrons' only option is to get there and put there name down and depending on how busy it is, just wait.  Read the other reviews.  This stinks for big groups.  Granted the staff working there are pretty good.(If you really want to eat at a Cheesecake Factory, the Santa Monica one said they did take reservations during weekdays at their non-peak hours.)2.  Eating outside.  If it's near dinner time it might seem like a good idea to eat outside.  Especially when we were offered seating immediately on their patio.  I sat with the sun in my face and tried to move the umbrellas over to get some shade but that didn't help much.  Then when the sun set it got windy and cold.  We did ask them to turn on the heat lamp so that helped.  3.  The view here is pretty nice.  This is my favorite Cheesecake Factory.4.  Prices on their menu.  I noticed on their menu, for some reason they don't list prices on most of their drinks (other than wine) and their cheesecake.  We ordered the Salted Caramel cheesecake and it was 7.95.5.  The food here has never been that amazing or memorable but it's definitely above average.  The portion sizes are decent and it seems like everyone is taking leftovers home.On my most recent  visit we did order a salad, the Spicy Cashew Chicken and their steak and salmon combo.  The salad was good, the steak and salmon were fine as well but the Spicy Cashew Chicken has issues.I think they rushed the order and they didn't cook off the alcohol from the sauce.(I know when I follow a recipe for teriyaki sauce they use either a sake or mirin but when I tried the Spicy Cashew Chicken the alcohol flavor was way too much.)I ended up eating my friend's dish and most of the break.(The bread is pretty darn good... I'm pretty sure they're extra sugar in the warm wheat bread.6.  Cheesecake.  If you don't thoroughly enjoy the meal (like we did) be sure to get some cheesecake.  We had the Salted Caramel Cheesecake and that was pretty amazing.That pretty much saved the night and we left happy.  So if you decide to visit a Cheesecake Factory, make sure you leave room for dessert.7.  Valet Parking.  I think the sign said Mon-Thu for Lunch - $3.50, and any other time is $5.I went in late April 2016 so it might change.If you do decide to go to the Cheesecake at Marina Del Ray, keep in mind the food isn't the best, you'll likely wait, but the desserts and the view alone is worth a visit.
2 Long story short Cheese Cake Factory has gone way down hill. They've cut so many corners on food quality that there is no point going here anymore.. Cheese Cake is the equivalent of an over priced apple bees. The only fresh food served there is the burger and the salad. Everything else is frozen. The avocado egg roll came out soggy, not crispy. It ruined the whole appetizer.  I ordered a cuban sandwich, you know, the one that used to come with chunks of fresh pulled pork. This one came out as flat as a piece of paper. soggy, greasy bread served with cheap deli meat pork. Disgusting AF and 15.00 !!!! No thanks. The manager came out. He was understanding and noticed that the sandwich was also not "presentable."  He told me my new order would be expedited, it wasn't. I sat for over 20 minutes waiting for a burger. My wife order the almond salmon salad. The salmon had that smell of old fish, def. not fresh, she finished before my meal came.  It was not pleasurable experience, i told the waiter to cancel my order as I was over it and just wanted to leave. He persuaded me to take the meal to go, i did. I ate it later and it sucked. the waiter comp'd my meal and we ended up leaving with a 40.00 tab for an APP , 1 entree and 2 bottled waters. Oh and on top of that , had to pay 7.00 to park. GTFOH.  I would rather eat street tacos and save 20 bucks than come to this place.
1 I called to make reservations for my girlfriends birthday, so I could treat her to a nice dinner. Not only was I told that reservations are not able to be made on the weekends, but was also told that she is not allowed to disclose typically how long one would wait on a weekend. "I am not allowed to disclose that". Seriously? What a joke. Worked in the restaurant business and customer service jobs for years. Talk about lack of transparency. I've never eaten here and will continue not to. The lady on the phone was rude, snobbish and I encourage others to not support such attitudes.
1 This was one of the worst experiences ever. We had a party of 15 people the told us the wait would be 1:20 we waited forever and it became apparent that the hostess was purposely trying to wait us out 2:10 minutes and both hostess's we ride and unprofessional, neither should be working with the public. I am sure Cheesecake factory won't give a dam,but I won't spend my money there ever!
1 1st too crowded so we agreed to the cabanas. 2nd took 30mins to get a cabana which was still dirty when they seated us. 3rd we ordered the spinach and cheese dip the chips were so stale. I got my chicken club with fries which some were hot some cold. The food is mediocre and that's if you get it hot.
5 I will admit that I rarely dine  at a Cheesecake Factory. But... I go in almost every one I get near. The strawberry martini is one of my favorite drinks. I have had this drink in Las Vegas, Birmingham, Nashville, Atlanta.  It is always the same. They have this one figured out. It is a vodka based martini.  The strawberries are muddled. They shake the drink and then strain out the strawberry seeds. The glass has a sugared rim with a strawberry on the side. It is tasty, sweet and packs a kick. While we were in Marina Del Ray we stopped in to have a drink on the recommendation of a local. The outdoor options were wonderful. We were sitting right on the edge of the harbor. There was a nice breeze and the sky was such a beautiful color. Our server was engaging. He chatted with us every time he came around to check on us. The cheesecakes that were brought out looked amazing. I wish now I had ordered one.
2 Great food and service. Amazing view if you sit outside.The valet parking however, is a joke. $6 to wait for the valet when it would be more efficient to park our car ourself.
2 Horrible service to order items. The person in charge of the orders is rude, arrogant and does not have any sense of customer service! He thinks as if he owns the place.....and doesn't even show a smile ....i don't even know how they even have this guy working at such a popular restaurant....bad customer service and you have to pay valet parking or else or park by the liquor store hoping they don't tow your car....i don't ever want to return horrible experience. Its so sad because i love CCF but id rather go to the one in the grove rather then this impolite place!
4 This review is for their Buffalo Burger.  All I can say is A-W-E-S-O-M-E!The CF menu is always overwhelming to me because there are so many items to choose from.  But on my last visit, I chose correct!  So good.My husband and I enjoy the outdoor patio area.  Very nice on a bright sunny L.A. day.And, our server was magnificent.
4 First time eating at the cheesecake factory. It was awful. Although the view to the Marina was great, food was extremely bad. The fresh vegetables salad wasn't fresh at all. Fries were cold. Restroom was out of service. Would never come back.
4 Great food! Lots of waiting, and no reservations, which was kind of sad. Server was GREAT. Jason here, was fabulous. He did a very good job. I think cheesecake lovers should absolutely come here. But my sadness only goes to the reservations. Other than that, everything is AWESOME.
4 We go here pretty regularly as its my moms favorite restaurant. I like it normally. However we just called to see if we could reserve a table for tonight as my mom and dad want to go there for their silver wedding anniversary. I'm aware that they don't usually take reservations, but when I started explaining that it was a special occasion they hung up on me!! So annoyed, we go to this place all the time and they couldn't even be bothered to listen to me for a minute.
4 Beautiful...Romantic..set overlooking the marina, this place is really perfect for a candlelight dinner by the sea...Food is good, nothing extraordinary, service is decent, its all about the ambience. Make reservations if you don't want to wait. They have ample of parking; provide valet service.
2.5 This is the most picturesque Cheesecake Factory I've been to. It sits right next to Mother's Beach (a few feet from the sand) and overlooks one of the fingers of the Marina. The outdoor seating is very nice, with a large terraced patio with umbrellas, and gas lamps for the evening. There is also a newly-remodeled and classy-looking patio at the lower level with fire pits and comfortable lounge furniture.Since this is a chain, the food is the same as that at other locations. I particularly like several of the appetizers, which can be full meals in and of themselves, such as the Avocado Eggrolls, Sweet Corn Tamale Cakes and the Fried Mac 'n Cheese (although they are two days worth of calories and fat).The menu is of course the size of a catalog and there are plenty of options for just about everyone. Most dishes are enormous and in my opinion, flavorful and well-prepared. In terms of drinks, they have a good selection of bar favorites, and their flavored lemonades are also great.The real winner here is of course the cheesecake, every flavor I've tried has been incredibly delicious and worth the 7 or 8 dollars (still hurts to pay the bill sometimes). My favorite is the Godiva cheesecake, followed by the Tiramisu. My wife loves the Key Lime and the Original.Service is usually good, with the occasional exception. The wait times can be long during the peak hours (but you can take a stroll down the Marina).  Valet parking is not optional and they seem to increase the fee every year.
4 It was early on the saturday after Thanksgiving and not crowded yet.    the waiter couldn't have been nicer and very attentive.  I got the chinese chick salad.  should have asked for dressing on the side, my mistake. But it wasn't too heavy and very delicious.  My bro got the gumbo and it was awesome.  Gumbo enough for two!!  lots to take home. I like to sit at the bar.  There are 4 cozy booths and not noisy in there. Great ambiance, service, food so it get s 5 stars from me.
3.5 Phillip was AWESOME. I'm glad the switched our waiters. If it was left up to the initial server I would not be giving 5 stars. Phillip is a great asset to your team he was pleasant and upbeat and had a smile the entire time! !
3.5 Never understand why the reviews for this place average so low, it's great. Food is amazing, service is great and for here the location couldn't be better. Portions are generous too. Always our go-to place for good decent food.
4 Spoke to a less than accommodating, somewhat rude, hostess today. Unfortunately they don't take reservations as the site says and they will only take your name if you are there in person. Call ahead seating or the ability to make a reservation would be appreciated.
1 I can't begin to express how disappointed we were. Due to the location of this restaurant we expected better. We understand there is a wait when you show up with a large party due to their first come first serve policy. But when you sit down at your table and have to wait 30 minutes for an appetizer... Another hour for your meal that doesn't even express my irritation with this place. The bathrooms were absolutely disgusting! Toilet paper and paper towels all over the floor... Just nasty! One person in our party ordered a burger and fries. Pretty simple order. Her plate was brought out with just a burger on it... No french fries. The waiter said I apologize I'll get that over to you... He never returned with the french fries. Another person in our party did not like the way her steak was cooked. The waiter took her plate to send it back and he never returned with her steak. A totally different waiter stepped in and handed us the bill. When it was expressed that a meal was never brought back and one was incomplete... The waiter said let me get the manager. The manager never came. The restaurant was closing ... we paid the bill and left. Never again. And I've always been a fan of the Cheesecake Factory.
1 Sometimes you just crave cheesecake. Went here tonight knowing they have one of the best assortments of cheesecake around and from previous experiences in Las Vegas. Was really busy for a Thursday night at 8:30. Waited about 30 or so minute before being seated. Ordered appetizer salad, avocado egg rolls, steak Diane and salmon to share, and two slices of cheesecake. Two food issues were one we were not offered  bread basket that was on every other table but ours and that I ordered two slices of cheesecake, one Oreo and one strawberry. Strawberry slice was half the size of the Oreo one. I thought consistency in a restaurant was key? Service was prompt and food was tasty otherwise. Lastly, something important to note. Absolutely ridiculous that the valet is 6.50. We valet the car and upon entry or drop off of the vehicle were not informed of the charge at all. Then when I went to retrieve the car, the valet brought the car around to us and I went to give him a $5 dollar tip. Then he goes the valet is $6.50. I was so confused because the signs at entry, mentioned only Cheesecake Factory valet and no mention of a charge. We paid the $6.50  and left no tip. This left a sour note to me and my guest and we will not be returning and will go to another Cheesecake Factory in the future for our sweets craving.
1 food is amazing service is friendly and the manager i spoke with today really made my day , will definitely be returning
3 I normally don't really care for Cheese factory but a good place to go if your out with friends and can't come up with a place to eat. This location is always packed weekend get even crazier. Overall deserts are great.
1 Just called 2 minutes ago. Your guy answering the phone needs to be less rude. Maybe you should pay him more so he can care about his job or fire him whatever works i guess
5 I haven't eaten anything at the restaurant yet that I don't like.  The environment is always fantastic and the wait crew is on point.  You can't beat the variety of cheesecakes and all the ones I've had the pleasure of tasting have always been very good.  Before I sit down for a meal, I usually order a couple of drinks.  Speaking of drinks, this makes for a decent dating spot.  The prices are fair too.  I like the fact that it is very close to the Pacific Ocean.  There is a breeze   The only thing I would like is more space on the inside.  I like to feel when sitting outside...
1 Good happy hour food, great place to avoid traffic during rush...nice locations. Close to home and life is grand
1 Came here last night, because I was staying at the hotel right next door and was craving some cheesecake.  The drink and cheesecake were standard Cheesecake Factory quality, but the service was lacking.  We came a little over a hour before closing and sat in the bar area.  It took a while for a server to come to our table...server was nice, but we probably would've ordered a few more drinks if he would've checked up on us more...at least when our drinks were out.
1 How can you go wrong with this place!! Definitely one of my favorite spots. The Shrimp Scampi is my favorite. The Firecracker Salmon Rolls & Crab Wontons are the best appetizers!  My #1 drink....Lemon Drop Martini! Great food & service...I'm always coming back!
1 The Cheesecake Factory never disappoints! Great location and beautiful decor. I love how you have a great view of the promenade from the outdoor seating area. Staff is also lovely and know the menu really well. Will be coming back to this location in the future!
4 This place is a mess! It's soo sad we waited over two hours before our food came. 5 ppl came, ate and left and we still didn't get our food. Our appetizers came and we didn't have water on the table. Also, I order coffee that never came... nor did the bread until we were darn near done with your appetizers. Then when Continued to ask over and over where is our food by the time the food came my meter was running out so we got our food to go. Then they had the nerve to say that we will offer you 1 cheesecake! I said well there is two of us sitting here (this was to the first manager that came over) and he said we I will comp the most expensive one. Then I asked to speak to another manager was told there wasn't one and then a different one walks over and Said," it usually takes 40 mins for food to come out and y'all only been sitting here 1 hr and 35 mins" duh!!! That is the problem and we're just getting our food. Not only did she then had the nerve to said do you want the coffee to go!!! And I said am I going to be charged for it and her, nasty response was, yeah that's usually what we do we charge for the coffee how rude!!!! I'm beyond disappointed in the place and never understood how the would get low rating and now I know!!!
4 Excellent food as always, but the wait can be very long sometimes. Edit: Someone asked what I got so here is an update: We started off with the fried mac and cheese. Then we also shared a nachos (friend got it as a meal but we had some) and I had the Louisiana chicken pasta.
4 Food was great, but unfortunately the utensils when we approached the table where dirty. BTW the table was already setup for new guest.
4 After the horrible service at Cheesecake Factory on Father's Day, I'm making a list of all the restaurants that I've visited since who "served its guests properly"  The simple act of coming over to the table in a timely manner, taking my drink order, then bringing the drink (and bread) over to the table. So far the list is four consecutive restaurants easily passed the test. Daily Grill, The Firehouse, Jinky's, and Louise's. I don't care how good the food happens to be, if the service sucks, it's a bad experience. We pay a fortune to eat out these days, we expect top notch service.
4 I'm a huge Cheesecake Factory fan, but on Father's Day, I had horrible service. Reading the other reviews, I see that I'm not alone. The server was slow and lazy. I waited to be greeted, then she came by and promised to get "right with me." She didn't. I waited some more. I ordered an entree and ice tea. The ice tea took another five minutes to arrive, and it came without sugar. When I asked for it, the lazy waitress took another five minutes to get it. Meanwhile, the entrees arrived and I didn't have a drinkable ice tea yet. This is so beneath a once "great brand."  The manager apologized profusely and wanted to comp me a cheesecake. I don't know who trains and trots out these amateurs to serve people. I paid $7.00 for a damn valet, and I didn't do it so a bloody lazy amateur can serve me at a snail's pace.
2.5 Such a disappointment. Everyone working there seems very nice and welcoming, but sadly it didn't make up for the exhaustingly slow service and average food. There seems to be a lack of communication between management as I was told to come early to set up for my child's birthday, only to be told we couldn't have the area we were told to turn up early for. I ordered a simple scrambled egg with tomato and avocado which took almost an hour to arrive. They apologized and took it off the bill which was thoughtful, but as I said, although everyone was nice it just didn't make up for an over all disappointing experience on what was supposed be a special occasion. We will not be returning.
4 The food and service were as expected.  In our case, we enjoy the Cheesecake Factory, and this was no different.  Why 2 stars.  We've been going to this location for many years, and the parking process was:  If you have a handicapped placard, and if there is a space available, there is no charge.  If the valet has to park the car, there is (now $6.50--a bit outrageous, I'd say).  I understand that, and I accept it.  This last time, the valet had to park my car.  Why?  They had parked a new Porsche in the handicapped space.  When I asked about it, I was told, "He's only in there for a minute."  I asked why he didn't park in the pick-up spot, and got no response.  I complained that I would have to pay, when there really was a spot available.  I was told that everyone now pays.  OK.  When we were done, and left, there was now a new Bentley parked there with no placard &/or disabled license plate.  I told the attendant to move the car, or I would call the police.  He did, but glared at me the entire time.Please don't go to this location that has such lack of concern for the disabled and handicapped
3.5 I've been here several times but never noticed the playground. The $5.00 Happy Hour was perfect. The Ahi Tartare was so good I was excited when I saw it on the menu.  Crab artichoke warm dip was really good.
3.5 Horrible experience ordering take out. Called in 25 minutes ahead and my food was still not ready. Plus paying for my food took forever!! Something funky with the register or a mix up in receipts? Who knows! The cashier did not apologize or explain anything to me. Just left me waiting there. Definitely seemed to stressed out to care. Food is not worth the wait for me.
4 All my family got stomach pain and nausea from eating  at this location.especially my kids.at other occasion we ordered vegetarian pizza and received it with pepperoni.we ask for a change, and then got the same pizza without the pepperoni, that was removed from the pizza.
1 The man working the takeout register was RUDE AF. You dont have any say whether I should get a receipt or not. He had really snide remarks. Totally killed my mood. Just overall bad customer service.
1 Worst place ever!!!!!! They said our table would be ready in 20 minutes... we ended up waiting and hour and our table still wasn't ready. I had to take my kids to McDonald's to eat since they were so hungry.... and get this, I couldn't even get a table in triple the time that was promised and rather than apologizing.... they made me pay for Valet... never again!
1 This restaurant is really good for a nice lake side meal. I love sitting outside with the heaters on. The food I pretty good but the time it takes to sit place and receive food is terrible. Takes almost an hour of waiting and then order to be placed. The deserts you can never go wrong with. They literally save this restaurant.
3 I tried to go here for dinner but when I pulled into the lot I was informed that if I wanted to eat here I would have to pay for valet parking. UNACCEPTABLE!!!! Either you should advertise this fact or have alternative parking!!!
4 What can I say that haven't been covered? Everyone loves to hate CF and for good reason. Yet, we all go there at least a couple times a year to attend someone's birthday, a business meeting, someone's shower or we just plain got out-voted by our dining companions.Service is always horrible - there's really no incentive to be better when the line is always up around the block at any given weekend nights. Do not try to go here during any type of celebratory days (holidays, graduations, 4th of July, etc) at any cost. I'm serious. The MDR location has a good amount of outdoor seatings by the water. Great to hang out and catch up with a friend during a weekday lunch, don't try that during weekends as they'll rush you. Valet only in this location.
5 Ah.... EVERYONE's date spot.Incredible view... and consistent food.The bar area is a bit small but that's fine.The wait time can be an hour depending on what time you go -- especially during the peak times (Friday night, weekends, etc.) You have the option to sit inside or out (I recommend outside in the evenings because it can get rather loud inside.)
1 This place is super! If you haven't visited, you are missing out. here's some free cash to try it out. bit.ly/cheesecakefactory-giftcard
1 Favorite cheesecake location hands down.  The view is just breathtaking, especially during the sunset. Brought my date here, and just as expected, she loved it.I got my usual smoke house bbq burger and she got a shrimp with angel hair. Her shrimp pasta was ok, little dry for me but she enjoyed it. Service was pretty good considering how packed it was on a Saturday night.   We ended the night with something oreo cheesecake, which melted in my mouth. Go try that cheesecake guys. you won't regret it.Overall, good service, good food, good beer and wine, good desert, good view, and good company.   =]    minus 1 star for the valet.. little too pricey, but it is in marina del rey...
1 Thanks for seating me right next the busing station love he sound of dropping plates and complaining servers
5 The Cheesecake Factory is literally just a fancy diner with ridiculously large portions. The food is perfectly fine if you want something quick (takeout) and don't feel like going to a fancy restaurant. They have a cute little spot with fire pits but it's not always open. They also have a pretty good brunch menu but there is usually a long wait.
1 Worst pickup experience I have ever had with a restaurant and I wish that was an exaggeration. Placed an online order for pickup at 11am, they email back confirming it would be ready at 12pm. Arrived at noon and stood in the sun in their parking lot for 30 minutes and finally called to see what was going on. The employee said he would text me when the food was ready (nothing about that in the confirmation email), but then he found the order and brought it out immediately (so it had just been sitting there?)... I walked the 100 yards back across the street to my apartment and the food is ice cold. Manager Ryan (couldn't care less about any of this) said he could remake the order but I would have to come back and show him the food first to "prove that I didn't eat it all." Yea I'm going to go stand out in the sun again and wait another hour for food I just waited an hour for. Unbelievable. My wife and I decided to eat the cold food instead. First and last time I'll be going to the Cheesecake Factory.
4 Of the many years I have visited several other Cheesecake Factory establishments, this was the first time I visited this location and let me tell you, it was also the last. I was there a couple days ago, looking forward to having some Cheesecake with my family and as I approach the take out counter, I was greeted by the most rude cashier with the worst attitude (Marion). The first thing he asked was "you getting Cheesecake?" I said yes, and went ahead and let him know what I wanted. I didn't even want to ask any questions to avoid being yelled at. Once he handed me the cheesecakes, I asked him if the receipt was in the bag. After looking around the counter, he found my receipt and threw it in the bag and under his breath he said "it is now" and that was it. The total didn't seem right so instead of even bothering to ask this man anything, I decided to call the establishment while I was still in the parking lot. And after speaking to manager (Amanda) it seemed that there had been some miscommunication as far as the rules they had for the deal they had on the cheesecakes for that day (half off). But instead of her apologizing for the error, and the fact that her horrible staff member had the worst attitude and wasn't approachable, she went ahead practically defended him by saying that I should have read the sign. I decided to contact corporate where they were very apologetic for both their employees actions. The price was the last thing I cared about. It was the simple fact that they have the worst people running this place. Horrible customer service. After going through some of the other reviews, I found a few other people who mentioned this same old African American man with the worst attitude. I'm sure many people have complained and clearly nothing has been done about it. Shame on you Cheesecake Factory.
4 Awesome view here! Did not know there was a location in Marina. Very crowded location. Waited about 40 minutes to get seated on the weekend. The wait for food tacked on another 25 minutes. Waiting for our waiter to bring the check added another 10 mins. This is definitely a tourist attraction so expect a long dinner. I don't necessarily come here for the food but more for their cheesecake. Love their banana cream and Godiva cheesecakes!!
4 I want to thank Patrick for being the kindest, friendliest and most attentive waiter ever and making my birthday dinner great! From the moment we were seated he was extremely attentive, friendly and helpful, even making suggestions from the menu for us on what to order. Our food came right away and everything was perfect. He even made the extra effort to check on us throughout our meal even though the restaurant was fairly busy.  That's a big deal to me,  waiters just don't seem to do that anymore. Thanks for everything Patrick!
4 As a party of 10, we arrived Wednesday night, roughly at 630p. I'm not sure the time frame we were quoted as I was apart of the second car for our party that arrived later. We waited for over an hour to be seated while basically everyone that walked passed us, where all seated right away. It was very busy, so we waited. While waiting, my niece was sitting on the furthest bench to the parking lot outside, also in the spot of the bench closest to the parking lot, and in a white Lexus, valet almost hit her while backing it up directly in front of the restaurant! She didn't move, but it wasn't until her Dad tapped on the window did the car stop moving. Not exaggerating, the car was 4-5 inches from her. Possibly closer. While waiting, my husband ordered a glass of wine & a beer at the bar, which took very long to receive. Finally we're seated. Summer was our server. After 5 or so minutes, she approaches us to tell us that she'll be with us in a moment. She comes back where we're all ready to order, waters for everyone except 3 kids drinks, and we ordered our food at that time as well. Bread hits the table- breads get devoured since there were lots of hungry people at the table- my daughter was crying that she was thirsty, I waited and waited and waited for our drinks, finally I got up and walked to the server station to get a water for my child.. a few moments later, water finally arrives. The food took a very, verrryy long time. The waters were never refilled even though we requested it, one child didn't receive her juice until we were all finished eating, and we were never checked on during the course of our meal either. No additional alcohol or dessert was ordered because we were sure we wouldn't get it anywhere near on time. By the time we saw Summer again, we needed boxes and our check and one person needed to place a to go order."What do you want?", Summer asked him. Straight to the point and not in the friendly way. Overall our server seemed overwhelmed & frustrated, which is totally fine, as long as you're able to keep it positive, explain that things are taking a few extra moments, and keep in touch with your guests. Instead we were totally ignored and spent a lot of money, really, for less than mediocre service. 1 star goes to the ONE gentleman wearing a purple button down, most likely a FOH Manager, who was genuinely friendly when he brought out our food and smiled and greeted us when we walked past him to our table.
4 Came here for a friends birthday. We were a party of 9. Love the food. Great service. Unfortunately the hostess at the front was a bit rude. I understand it's her job to lie and give extreme wait times so we leave, but when I walk over and ask how much longer and you tell us 1 more hour and our buzzer goes off 5 minutes later, it's a bit disappointing.
2.5 I and a friend went there for lunch and Sean was our server. He was nice, simple and humble. I give him a 5 Star. I also observed the other servers around me and they also get a 5 Star including compliments to the chef's. My salad was refreshing and the lasagna was delicious. Thank you staff and management for making this hot humid day wonderful and relaxing. I look forward to visiting you again.
4 What I like most is the abundance of choices on the menu. It's been an easy place to visit with family and friends since there's several styles of food to choose from. I've had ribs (loved them), orange chicken (I order this most often), and quite a few salads (saves room for cheesecake).If you're not needing to impress anyone and have concerns about the valet service, there's a large county parking lot within walking distance by Mothers Beach. Parking there is about 6 bucks.On warm summer days this place can be extremely packed and waiting is likely on nice summer evenings (especially weekends). There is food service in the bar (if you're not wanting to wait for a dining area table) and service there has been fine every time we've opted for it.Save room for desert (or plan to bring some home), it's what the Cheesecake Factory is famous for.
3.5 What can i say.... It's the Cheesecake Factory....COMMERCIAL food. However, the Sante Fe Chicken salad is/was my favorite. The consistency varies by location. It can be hit or miss. Menu is large with all the high calorie fattening dishes.LOUD and always packed with a full bar. I actually heard one woman make the following statement. "there's too much artichoke in the artichoke dip"  ROFL..... I really thought she was kidding but she wasn't.Cheesecake's are great.
3.5 Ehh.Pros:Food was good, waiters are nice.Cons:WAIT TIME.. waited 1 hour!and valet parking is a must.I would still go here, but I don't think I would enjoy it.Nor would my wallet.
4 I live near this place so it seems an obvious choice. However, it is always buys- very, very busy. The service was good and the wait was short despite the crowd. The drinks were good and the food was good (really good nachos and cheesecake) and the view is also amazing. What I don't like is the how crowded it is- it just is such a mess to get into - traffic bleeds into the road, the valets are crazy hectic and unsafe and the service rush you out making it difficult to enjoy the food and view. On top of it the price sees higher then it should be for what you get.
5 This review is only based on the check in process. The people working at the front are so rude, you ask a question and get attitude back. We called for a reservation and was told first come first serve and hung up on us. We then checked in and were given a pager but no one gave us a time. When I went back to check in, we were told 1.5 hours and they seemed to want nothing to do with us. So many people have come out and we have been sitting here for 45 minutes so far. Will not be coming to this location ever again nor will we recommend this place to anyone. Parking is valet only which is 4.50 and that is your only choice for parking. I am 8 months pregnant and they didn't even offer me a chair to sit down on for the 1.5 hour wait, I had a seat outside where I was chilly.
2 Food was OK but the service was unacceptable! Our waiter sucked! If Ein is going to be your hostess make sure you sit next to a fair skinned person to get some service after he takes your order.. If not you will have to wave down someone and hope that they don't forget you too..
2 I LOVE This Place!! the menu is like a book, several pages of selections. The food, in my opinion, is always pleasing, the service is always friendly and prompt, the atmosphere is great, especially if you decide to take a stroll along Mother's Beach after you dine. We went there a few days ago for my 64th Birthday, and as always, I loved it.I could go on, but writing this review is making me hungry....
1 First off let me start off by saying my waitress savannah  was so amazing so out going friendly and on point with EVERYTHING!!!! Was very impressed if my restaurant wasn't so far from here I would steal her away thank you great food great view .... Would definitely come here again and would for sure sit in the bar area where savannah section is .
3 no service... i order santa fe salad they bring smth  like a chinese salad. very very bad place
1 PROS:  Great view of the marina (Marina Del Rey location) from outside patio dining.  Cheesecakes are the BEST!  On my bucket list is to try every cheesecake on the menu.  Staff are typically friendly.  CONS:  Mandatory valet parking (fee + tip).  Long waits especially weekends and evenings.  Overpriced meals.  BOTTOM LINE:  Been coming to Cheesecake Factories for years, but it has to be a yearning or craving for their cheesecakes.  Otherwise, like any other chain restaurant.
1 Arriving at the Marina del Rey, California location around 2pm on June 24, 2018, I ordered a glass of wine, the Vegan Cobb salad with grilled salmon and a slice of cheesecake for lunch/dinner. The house cabernet was excellent, and the cheesecake was so delicious I ended up ordering a second slice to go. However, about half way through my meal, I realized the grains, seeds and nuts were missing from my vegan salad. Now...what is a vegan salad without the grains, seeds and nuts? I mean, I was missing a MAJOR part of the vegan experience. I was annoyed because the salad (with salmon) costs $20 alone. Plus the fact that I was really looking forward to the salad as it has become one of my favorite items on the menu. The Cheesecake Factory makes a point of spelling out every item of the salad, but neglected to make it as advertised and described. I was given a slice of cheesecake to make up for the fake and sparse "vegan" salad, which I ate with passion because I was hungry. Nonetheless, the manager (in my humble opinion) should have comped the entire salad instead of a slice of cheesecake...especially since there was nothing wrong with the cheesecake. What do you think?
1 Service is mediocre at best. The food is predictable, which is good. But they really need to focus on the service aspect in this restaurant.
5 I had lunch here today with 2 friends.  I could not believe how rundown this place appears.  We sat outside. The tables were so close together that we could hear all ofthe discussions taking place at the table next to us.  The food was common place,nothing exciting.  Plus we each had to pay $3.50 for parking.  The parking attendantswere not able to locate our cars, we had to walk to our cars.  And just across the street you can park for free!It was a rip-off!  I guess the joke is on us!  We won't go back.....
4 If I could leave a half star I would...I ordered the skinnylicious steak via door dash and received 4 medallions and very little vegetables. I called their fro lot desk and they hung up on me because they didn't want to deal with it. I then called back and they pushed me to hold and no one would answer. I drove down to the location to show me my pitiful take out order and the manager tried to blame it on the dasher and how his staff would never do anything like this. Everyone makes mistakes and he had the opportunity to make it right and yet wouldn't take it off my bill after driving 30 min round trip to get my actual dinner I ordered. Never again!
5 Feel like sardines in a can, as this place has as many tables as can be set, and inadequate privacy and space between tables! BAD Salmon, old, soft texture- sign of bad fish thus dated.Horrid!$20 for this- fish farmed salmon? Poor Parking with Valet, charging $4.50- looking at these guys - I wonder if they have drivers licenses? Dirty Restroom, inadequate size for number of customers. Urine over floor. Sinks filthy!!Inadequate waiting area, for people to wait for table. THUS people are bunched all together, and no room to safely (by law also) to enter and exit!!  THUS- ISLE space seems a night mare for health/ safety standards, as no room to move, or exitIs chaos, attempting to enter or exit, due to employees, customers, people hanging waiting, is a nightmare.Loud noisy disjointed near front entrance.What needs to be said?A lousy over priced chain restaurant, with so-so quality food, without much seasoning  flavor or freshness! Maybe dinner does not include soup or salad, and this is a give away, as it is not a BISTRO!Basket of bread  & is really gluten laden, and poor quality bread!There is nothing relaxing, enjoyable, or attractive going to this over rated place.Food leaves much to be desired. Not 140 degrees when arrives at table as required! Per my digital therm tester.ALSO there are 65 1 star reviews for this location!  Least some people write honest reviews. Now lets see if YELP posts this as 104 reviews not posted, by YELP censors.
1 I have eaten at Cheesecake Factory for over ten years and over the course of time I have had good experiences and bad experiences, but overall every cheesecakes factory I have been to was good. But this location was THE WORST I HAVE EVER BEEN TO. I went to this location and there was over an wait two hour wait for two people on a Saturday at lunch. So we decided to eat in the lower part of the restaurant where there was no wait. The service the was horrible, the waiter got our order wrong, we were never offered bread, we were never offered any refills on our drinks, and the waiter was hardly even there. When the food came the order was wrong and missing the rice, so the manager game to apologize and brought the rice. But the rice was SO dry, we couldn't even eat it. We complained to the manager and he said there was nothing he could do. This was my experience at this location so I would highly never recommend this location.
4 Very disappointed this time and over 30 minutes waiting for our dessert after ordering' tad ridiculous but our server Nica (?) was adorable!
4 Ordered 5 items for delivery through door dash.  Get a call from door dash 30 minutes later telling me they were out of one of the chicken dishes I ordered and I needed to replace the order for the one dish (all other items had been ordered). I went thru door dash again and ordered another chicken dish.  1 hour later I only receive the one chicken dish.  The original order had been completely canceled.  The cheese cake factory should have called me directly to figure out what I wanted to replace the order with.  They have a tablet with all of my information from door dash.   I called and spoke to the manager at tcf and he just put the blame on door dash.    First of all, it's your fault for having a menu item on their website that is unavailable.  Second, your food must come from frozen bags or else you would have been able to create the original chicken dish.  Very poor management and execution.  The one chicken dish that finally arrived was ice cold and in one word just sucked.
4 I have been to the Cheesecake Factory in the Marina more times than I can remember.  Before I got married, it was the ideal spot to impress a date with their delicious dinners, and to die for desserts.  The stunning view of the marina, and romantic outdoor atmosphere usually sealed the deal no matter how cynical my date was.Now that I'm married the CF is the perfect spot for date night or family night.  There are plenty of dishes that delight my young daughter, and my wife and I.  You can count on the service to range from good to excellent, and the desserts are still as mouth watering as ever.  Try the avocado egg rolls for an appetizer, and the chinese chicken salad for something light.  Their Kunf Pao chicken pasta is delicious if you crave some spice, and their steaks are never a disappointment.  The tiramisu is delicious, although you receive a tiny piece of it with mounds of whipped cream, and their cheesecake is, of course, a show stopper.Whether you go with a large group of friends, or with your significant other, the Cheesecake Factory in the Marina won't disappoint.  Just remember to bring a few dollars in cash for the valet!
4 Decent wait time..excellent friendly service..and delicious food. Definitely will be back again!!!!!!
4 Nice place I love the view the waitress was very friendly I didn't knw wat to order and he helped alot....I love their red velvet cheesecake the food is alright
2.5 Service was terrible! Went for dinner with my parents, my wife, son and daughter. Was initially told the wait would be 10-15 minutes, ended up waiting 30 minutes. After sitting for some time we eventually grabbed our waiter to order. Then waited for the food to arrive, and waited, and waited! Eventually my fathers meal arrived at the same time as my daughter's. Approximately 10 minutes later my Mothers food arrived, then another 8-10 minutes later my wife's arrived, and 3-5 minutes after that my son's arrived, no sign of mine, or any apology or excuse. Eventually after my family had finished eating their meals, my filet mignon arrived, without the fries and onion rings that were ordered with it, so I asked the escaping waiter where the rest of my meal was, he explained it was on it way. Again, I waited, and waited eventually, about 10 minutes the fries and onion rings appeared but of course by now the steak was cold, do I asked the waiter to reheat it and to bring the steak knife that I asked for 3 times previously, only to be told...... "Sorry, we don't have any clean steak knives, they have all been used and we are waiting for them to be washed up!!!" My steak came back 3-5 minutes later nice and hot but of course by now the fries and onion rings were cold. I simply eat the steak, which rated good and left the fries. My Father was so upset, he called the manager over and explained that in 60 years of working in the catering industry he had never experienced such bad service and insisted the manager remove the steak from the bill, the manager did so and tried defending the bad service by saying it's not usually this bad, "we're just so busy, look around, they don't seem unhappy!"We paid the bill and left, and will not return.
4 Wow I have never in my life experienced service or lack there of this horrible. We have our drinks. That is all. We have been waiting for at least 20 minutes for someone to take our oder. I don't want to say that the staff here is racist but really what other conclusion can I come to at this point for absolutely no service. I can't comment on the food because well at this pace I don't think I'll ever get to try it.
3.5 In celebration of  my Aunt's birthday, about 15 people got together to begin our night at The Cheesecake Factory in Marina Del Rey. My cousin stopped off at one of her favorite bakery's to grab cupcakes for the birthday girl before joining the party. As we were packing up to head to our next destination a bus boy squeezes through the crowd and begins to rigorously clean the tables we had just gotten up from. My cousin says to the bus boy politely as she puts on her sweater "don't touch that, I'll get it." He acted as if he didn't hear her. She said again, "sir, don't touch that, I'm going to get it." He ignored her once more and yanks the bag the cupcakes were resting in. The next thing I hear is my cousin shriek "OH NO!" As you can imagine, all 12 cupcakes were turned upside down making them less than presentable for my Aunt. She immediately called for a manager (Audrianna). After explaining the story to Audrianna, her response was ANYTHING BUT sympathetic. She said "I'm sorry, that your cupcakes were ruined, but you left the table unattended." WE DIDN'T. She said, "I'm sorry, but I'm sure he didn't mean to do that on purpose." No one is saying that he meant to ruin the cupcakes on purpose (although when a customer tells your employee TWICE not to touch their personal belongings and they disregard your wishes, you have to wonder) but that does not take away the fact that your employee ruined them and we need to have something to present to our Birthday girl. Audrianna's remedy? We had two options: She could take the cupcakes and clean them up and put whip cream on them; or ONE slice of cheesecake. WHIP CREAM (No icing huh?) ON A CUPCAKE OR ONE SLICE OF CHEESECAKE? 12 cupcakes were ruined.  We asked to speak to another manager. She said there was no one else on duty. We asked if there was someone we could call. She said no. We were going in circles with this woman for about 20 minutes before she offered us a small round cheesecake. Again, What kind of offer is that?Finally, she realized that we were not going to accept being treated that way and she offered a medium cheesecake.The bus boy (who never apologized), Audriana and her lack of customer service did a GREAT disservice not only to paying customers but to the entire organization. She should NOT be the face of Cheescake Factory.
3.5 What a disappointed night out.  Came here on Sunday night out. ..place wasn't as busy as normally is...yet we decided to stay by the bar...it was a total mistake. The server took forever to come and even take drinks...Once again very few tables. We have seeing him taking care of another table that ordered a bottle of wine and he totally was all over them. Finally he came to take care of us...we ordered after 25 mins waiting. ..we were hungry and thirsty of course.  Then he came back to said they didn't have only favorite thing I normally order! What the hell...be nice a least and learned to be caring to your work! I am a local and it gets me upset to know they changed this people so often that they don't care.
4 The first table we were seated at was against the wall in a corner, which I was fine with, I don't mind a wall, it usually means it'll be a quiet location.  The problem arose when every stupid server decided to use the 6 inch clearance between my husbands chair and the next table as a walkway.  They were carrying shit over his head and constantly bumping him even when he tried to protest they just kept going right through.  Yeah, I got pissed.  Why the hell would your staff be stupid enough to go THROUGH your customers?  You've got to know that people don't enjoy constantly getting ass or crotch in their face while they have a meal.  Either there shouldn't be a table at that location or your staff are idiots, I"m betting on both.  To their credit they moved us immediately when I informed our waiter we were ready to leave if we weren't moved, and the rest of service was fine.It only gets 1 star because there was nothing redeeming about this place.  Even when we were moved the tables were awfully crowded together.  Food was just ok.  Our appetizer was great but everything else was pretty low quality.  Huge portions don't make up for stale tastless rice, frozen fries, and cole slaw with more dressing than vege.  It was just unappealing mass produced heart attacks on a plate dripping in fat and sodium filled sauces. For that price point there are plenty of better tasting and less crowded restaurants to go to.
4 After 25minutes they took us to one table that was being used and the clients were just at the restroom.  You go back to the the front and you are not priority on their list and they give you another eta for more 10minutes. We left without eat and had to pay for parking. Although I love Cheesecake Factory I am not come back to this one!
2 Came here to spend some gift cards and ended up paying for SELF parking as if me paying for food was not enough love the food but go to another location.
5 This is utter crap and this location is dirty.  Why do so many people like this place?  The food is not good and they need to wipe the menus more often.  I came here with a few out of town guests and it was a pretty bad experience.  No one gives a crap about your needs.  Ughhh!  Big portions, but not the best quality.
5 this is one of my old stomping grounds. there is lots of fond memories. each night after school my classmates and i would drive here and wait out for a table at the bar. by the time the vibrator box called us up, we'd have three or four drinks in us and be ready to enjoy our meal.frankly, i think that's the best way to experience cheesecake factory. it's not really a romantic dinner kind of place. too crowded. the food isn't all that great to brave bringing over a date and wowing him or her for your know how of excellent culinary establishments.the menus are rather tacky what with the ads placed in them. from a business marketing stand point that's awesome, but from a customer stand point, it's plain old tacky. now if there were better ads or interesting stories in them, the menus would make for cool reading.the cheesecakes do kick ass but i am rather partial to cheesecakes. this place really means nothing to the lactose intolerant.i highly recommend you call ahead and make a reservation. it can get crowded not unlike a beijin whorehouse on a saturday night.
5 We've been going to this Cheesecake Factory for years. Mainly for the signature drink, The Ritz. Beautiful day, off work early and headed start to the Marina.  Got a nice table,waiter comes over, we order 2 Ritz!! Then BAM! Waiter says no more Ritz WTH!! That was it. we just walked out. It was the best drink. We won't go back, until the THE RITZ is back!!!
2 Had to pay $4.50 in parking just to find out it was a 40 minute wait. Thank you Cheesecake Factory, and thank you valet for telling me it was a short wait.
5 We were there on Sunday with a party of 5 and hostest was seating us for a party of 4 which didnt make sense. So although we enjoyed a very nice dinner we wasnt exactly satisfied with the service, being the hostest was not very pleasant.
3 food is always great at this chain, however, this location has horrible bathroom standards for Females, only two stalls. This location capacity is 300, wouldn't your think to have at least 10 stalls, I mean the lines were wrapped around the entrance near the kitchen, totally tacky and embarrassing. I was on a date and he had to wait for me for over 20 mins, it's ashame and I will not come back to this location.
1 Of course, the food is stellar when it doesn't get screwed up...(most frequent here than any other I've been to). The service has been rotten every time I go to this location. I don't know if they give the servers more tables than others, but I always end up waiting forever here, 20 minutes last time to just get water, then another 15 to order our stuff, including drinks! The patio is pretty cool with the fire pit and overlooking mother's beach (strechmark beach)...actually, overlooks the playground where you can generally see the conglomerate of strollers and kids shreiking, but only until sunset usually. They try to give you the impression you can only valet park, but if you turn left down panay way and  take the first parking lot entrance on the left just before the gym, you can access the public parking lot and park the same place they would have!
1 Highly disappointed this time around. We did a to go and bill came out to almost $100 but they missed each entree by one thing or another. I understand it was a holiday weekend so busy but really, if your quality goes under than what's the point?!? To boot, I was told it'd be 20-25mins for order to be ready at curbside, didn't get done till 40mins... At the least the time estimate shud be accurate! Will reconsider on future to go orders :-/
4 Still missing the old menu items like the way they used to make the Tex Mex rolls with the thicker wonton wrapper. This new one just hold in all the grease :/ ... Also miss the yummy chocolate mud pie :(
4 Defiantly wont be going to this Cheesecake Factory again. Parking/Valet: Their lot is so small and there are always lines to get it. Wait time to get a spot can vary up to 2 hours! The valet staff can be a little reckless when driving/parking cars. Restrooms: Are disgusting! There are puddles on the floor or at the very least a quarter inch of water on the floor, along with some toilet paper and other miscellaneous things. Food: The portions are really big so one plate will feed 2-4 people. I don't know if I would try anything off the menu, its just not the tastiest food. Note: The menu is a book with way too many options and at least 5 pages. The cheesecake is delicious!Manager: Rude and very disorganized.Overall: I don't plan on coming back to this location and would only do pick up service for the cheesecake.
4 Save yourself time on over priced, mediocre food, long wait times and poor service. My family (6 in party) went to this location on a Sunday for early dinner late lunch around 3:30 and did not leave the establishment until 7!! They made my grandma who cannot stand for long periods wait in a little "standing" corner in front of the kitchen as bustling waiters came in and out with hot plates. Staff has no consideration for guest who are walking through to their seats which btw is the ONLY way through the kitchen to the dining area! They really need to remodel this... it's so dangerous. At one point I even yelled guest coming through as I was with my grandma and not one waiter budged, then I heard a manager echo and still little movement. Once we did get seated it took over 15 min and me requesting a manager to get a drink! I was appalled when the assigned waitress came after me to tell the host she could not wait on the table! I've been going to this location since I was at LMU back in 2007 and I can say it's only become worse and worse since then. I would not recommend this location!
4 Arriving into the Cheesecake Factory the valet seemed very eager to take our money before we even parked. My dad assured him we were going to park first then pay. BTW parking is like $5. We were seated in a booth area and our waitress came over. She seemed really stressed and seemed like she was having a terrible day. My mom has a food allergy to mushrooms and we ordered a pizza and 20 mins later the pizza arrives by a different waitress covered in mushrooms! Whether it was the waitress or one of the chefs who didn't get the order correct it wasn't a big issue we just asked the woman who gave us the pizza to please remake it. Our original waitress came back and this time she seemed like she had real attitude when my mother asked to please make sure they didn't just pick the mushrooms off and then bring it back out (sorry these things happen....). Instead of seeming sympathetic she sort of got aggressive and kept saying something like "we all know" already when my mom asked why the pizza had mushrooms on it. Then she condescendingly at the end of one of her remarks called my mother "honey" or "hon". And so it began....Food: My parents ordered the Mediterranean Salmon which came with potatoes and artichokes and tomatoes. They said their food was very good. From what I saw it looked good and the portions were huge! I ordered the SKINNYLICIOUS® Fresh Vegetable Salad. I noticed it said pomegranate dressing which seemed new to me so I tried it. I love pomegranates and I know how they taste so when my salad came out it looked good and I had a couple bites but knew something was off. Every bite I took the dressing tasted like car motor oil. Of course I've never tasted car oil but it had that weird aroma too it. idk how to describe and when you would try to wash it down with some water it would burn. I'm usually not too picky but at this point we agreed it would be better to request for a new one since I was ready to puke. After a while the manager came out and was super nice! He is the reason why I am adding on another star. He apologized to my mom and gave us a complementary corn soup which was super delicious. He was very humble and attentive unlike the waitress who was agitated at that point. The new salad that they gave me was great and I got balsamic vinaigrette on the side I recommend that or at least taste test whatever the hell they put on the salad. Overall this salad tasted amazing and fresh the second time around! After some time the waitress came back and asked how the salad was and I told her it tasted way better. Of course at this point everyone in my family was tense and I just wanted to go home. Since it was my mom's birthday we ordered 3 cheesecakes. 2 raspberry lemon ones and one chocolate one. That experience went smoothly at least there was some moment of positivity with all the chaos. The cheesecake was great too! We didn't finish all our food so our waitress came back and was struggling bagging everything and later when we got home the corn soup was spilled all over the bag....Also good luck getting water in this place...I had to track down like 3 men to fill up the glasses of water. They were super chill though and service was fast on that. I just want to thank the manager so much for stepping in and helping resolve the conflicts. I've worked in food before and understand the frustration with people, orders, and tension but man what a buzzkill to someone's birthday -_- Thank god we had a $75 gift card here because the food came out to about $100 not including tip and for the experience it was not worth it! I hope some of that tip makes it way to the manager he was awesome! I wish I knew his name.
4 The service was slowThe fries were lukewarm The service was slowThe food was not worth going back forThe service was slowNot what I have appreciated about CF in pastI guess I won't rush backOh did I say the service was slow!
2.5 Went here for the Fourth of July..wait was long but service was great, especially our server Eman. Nice view of fireworks too!
4 At least this time the order was correct. The male answering and checking out take out orders however was very impolite. Twice, I said thank you. Not once did it occur to him that HE should be the one thanking me for being a customer. I waited at the pick up counter for 5 minutes with 3 different people behind the register who all saw me standing there and never once approached me. The customer service has most definitely gone downhill over the years. Extremely disappointing.
3.5 We have been visiting this location for over 20 years and have always had wonderful experiences (even with the crowds). We placed a to go order and one of the items was the new veggie grilled cheese sandwich and a separate side of green beans. Rather than a side of green beans they put green beans all inside the sandwich without the usual vegetables listed on the menu. Once we noticed the issue we drove back down hoping to receive some sort of reimbursement and replacement. At the pick up counter we mentioned maybe a slice of cheesecake would be a nice reimbursement for our hassle coming back down and instead of being helpful and kind the manager replied "sure if you want to pay for it." I personally have never received that sort of sarcasm from a manager of a well known establishment and am quite taken aback that a company allows that sort of behavior. Luckily there's another location in Redondo Beach that may be worth the drive.
3.5 Came to this location for a Birthday dinner, I've been to the Redondo location plenty of times. The food was amazing as always . But the service was not on point , he took for ever to take our drink order and out food even longer. A table in from of us got seated before us and got there food before us . We ask for the check it took even longer then getting our food . I don't think ill be going back to this location.
4 The best things going for this restaurant is the view of the marina and of course the cheesecake.  The Pasta Da Vinci lunch special was OK and just the right portion size for me. Other than that there's not much more which stand out.  The restaurant is located in an older building so it could use a facelift.
1 came out here for dinner the other night, expecting to be waiting an hour or so just like at all the other cheesecake factory's out there. but we were VERY pleasantly surprised to be seated only 15 mins after arriving.  this was even out on the patio overlooking the marina. this was my first time out to this Cheesecake in Marina Del Rey, as usual the food was good and the menu extensive, but the view definitely made the meal more enjoyable. i am definitely putting this place in front of all the other cheesecake's out there. definitely worth the drive, hopefully the 15 min wait isn't a fluke and we get the same service second time around.
1 The chain holds up better than most any chain... My lunch today was sensational and made all the better by Brandon, the professional server who is friendly, affable and enjoys smiling.... The menu is extensive and everything tastes fresh... Brandon it's a real asset to the company...(I have absolutely zero connections to this organization... Just a local customer)
1 Surprisingly good for a chain. The menu is varied enough and the food is more than palatable. I enjoy the Marina location much more that the one in Beverly HIlls. The Marina orders come out right and the food is okay. For a chain, better than most.
5 Just like any other cheesecake. But with a few cool things. Like an ocean view terrace. Perfect for a sunset dinner. They are quick to sit you and the staff is freindly. One of my favorite cheesecake factories in LA.
1 The manager was really nice and let us in even though it was 5 minutes till closing. my date was not the nicest that night and the manager still gave us great service. I really enjoyed the stores Cheesecake,  milk, and mojito!
5 If you get an outdoor table, at night, this may be the only Cheesecake Factory that is actually worth the wait.
1 We always get great service whenever my friends (or coworkers) and I come here. I like their menu since there's ALWAYS a lot of things to choose from and they also have daily specials that the waitstaff tells you as you get seated. Dining outside is always a plus since weather and view are both nice. I like their spicy peanut dressing on the house salad and the pineapple upside down cheesecake is heavenly :)
5 My wife and I have gone to this location for years . My wife loves the Godiva Chocolate Cheesecake there, We go for Sunday brunch. The last time we went , the country potatoes were way over cooked and not eatable. I did a followup with corp. I was contacted by Greg , the manager there. He apologized for the situation. Greg made a bad situation right and took care of the customer in the end  and we will be going back.
4 I eat here all the time--great selection and food. Plus they have a fantastic gluten free menu including burgers with gluten free buns. They also have a pretty solid gluten free pasta--not the best I've had but good. Great salads they can make gluten free and even a sugar free cheesecake!
5 Picked up a friend for dinner who recently moved to the area to be closer to his work at LAX. Upon arrival, we were forced to valet park, $4.50 charge. The attendant said self park or valet, you still have to pay the fee. Ripoff. The dining room was a little crowded so, we decided to self seat in the bar area. Our server arrived promptly to take our drink order and asked about an appetizer before we even opened our menus. I love quick service but, we felt rushed. We passed on a appetizer because my bud is doing the whole P90X thing so, he's watching his food intake. We ordered our entrees and they arrived quickly. Before we even took our first bite, the server was there like flies on dung, asking how everything turned out. I really didn't have an answer for her, being that my fork was still wrapped in my napkin. I had the orange chicken with brown rice. The chicken alone was delicious. The rice was dry, I had to ask for soy sauce to rehydrate it. Which was a task to get because the server walked passed us about 4 times before I finally grabbed her eye. My bud had the turkey and avocado sandwich, not a crumb was left on his plate so, I'm assuming he liked it. Our server didn't hover, which I appreciate but, after she dropped the check, she was never seen again. I had to walk up to the bar top to have her run our payments. So our experience was meh. Nothing to write home about. With the $4.50+ tip parking charge, I will probably visit other Cheesecake Factory locations that have self parking.
5 The food here is always good but the service always sucks. Every time my girlfriend and I come here, we get stuck at a tiny 2 top table against the wall somewhere. They always forget our drinks but when we finally get our food, we almost always forget about the bad.
4 Myron who takes the call-in orders is precise and quick! Several times ordering to-go at this location and each time my order has been wrong, so I'm thankful that they have someone like Myron who has now taken over the reins! Nothing worse than getting home and seeing that your order is  completely wrong so now with Myron I have had no worries :))
4 Waited 2 hours to be seated but it's Mother's Day and it was expected. We were finally seated at the dreadful corner table #76  and it was terrible. It was a four person table which they made for five. One of the chairs was in the aisle. We requested to speak to the manager and she reseated us even during such a chaotic day. A Huge thanks to manager Jennifer for making sure we were happy. We (5) were fully accommodated and the food was served astonishingly quick. Our server Aaron was awesome and very attentive. Thanks!
4 This is our favorite place in summer time. We always spend some tome on the beach and this place next to the beach is great addition to complete your evening and make your evening even better. My favorite delicious dish is tuna salad. Kids also enjoy this place and when they are here they are always in good mood. Excellent customer service!!!
4 This is probably the best hapyp hour in the Marina.... and I eat healthy and calorie conscious food! They have a small bites sections w/ choices such a bean hummus dip, small little pizzas (SO good). C.F. , known for high calorie dishes, actually has a lot of choices. SO friendly, and if there EVER is a problem, they are on point to fix it. The GM, Brent, really stands behind his restaurant and staff. Try it for Happy Hour. but don't take my table. :) Bobby is the best. In sucha  big city it's nice to have a place where you can say, "I'll have the usual." And they know what you want!
4 My colleagues and I frequent the Marina Del Rey, CA Cheesecake Factory often.  It's our popular "get together" place.  I've never had any negative experiences until today (12/20/16).  I used their valet service as usual but upon receiving my car back, I noticed that certain contents had been stolen by a valet attendant.  I was already on the freeway when I noticed the missing contents so I called the restaurant manager to report the loss.  He stated that Quality Parking is the company that provides the valet parking and transferred me there. The manager there took my name and number but the situation is still not resolved.  I would advise anyone using valet parking at the Cheesecake Factory that you do so at your own risk.  I don't know if my stolen contents will be returned; however, I do know that I won't be dining there again after this experience.
2.5 Visited during layover at LAX.  The catfish special was delicious and the staff (Jody +) were terrific!  I live 40 miles from this location yet always find my way back.  Keep up the great service and good food!
4 Can I give a 3.5-star-evaluation ? Their service is always something impressive just like my business professor who had a business relationship with Cheesecake Factory said, they always value their customer as most important thing. The food is good, I ordered a shrimp pasta. Although they forgot that I asked for linguini, that's fine.The thing I dislike about is just like my friend said "all old people with coupon", felt like I was at Texas, noisy kids and typical birthday place...they really need to improve their restroom though, only one sink to wash hands and the paper towel was all over the place. People said that you'll know how this place is after you saw the restroom. Exactly!!Well, service and food, thumb up!Environment, thumb down!
3.5 I love this place!! We come here all the time and the food is amazing. We were there just a couple of weeks ago and had a slight problem, but I let management know and they not only took care of it they were so gracious and helpful. They even sent me a letter in the mail thanking me for my feedback. Wow! I loved it before, but now even more!!
3.5 The service was not of high quality and actually quite obnoxious. When we had entered the restaurant and got seated, it took forever for our waiter to come. When he finally did, all he did was bring bread and left again. So, we kept waiting, and we had been waiting another 10-15 min for him to come back and take our order. After he did, the food came out at a decent time but then the waiter never came and asked how we were doing. When we were finished, our waiter would continually pass our table but wouldn't ask if we were finished or if we needed a box. He continued to clean other tables, talk to other guests, but still pursued on making us wait. Finally we paid and got the hell out of there just to deal with rude valet people and even tho it was 11:30 at night with almost an empty parking lot they made us pay $7. It wasn't about the money, it was just the rudeness. We were already going to tip $5 not knowing we had to pay and they still asked for that extra $2. If you want a nice and pleasant meal/ experience do NOT go here.
4 I love Cheesecake's teriyaki chicken and crab cake; both are a must try.
1 Great atmosphere good vibes over looking the boats n water great food and great service
1 Came here with a friend. Sat down quickly but service was slow took 20 min just to order drinks food was good though service was an issue
1 Great menu, great environment and they even have a fire pit. Plus you can walk the beach after dinner. The only drawback is sometimes the wait can be pretty lengthy!
2 I usually don't write reviews in general, especially for chain restaurants but this one impressed me. It has a nice view of the water and the food was good. We started with the tropical margarita and the avocado eggroll appetizer per waitress' request. That was probably the best part of the meal. I got the herb crusted salmon which like a typical salmon dish and my date got a filet mignon (it was ok also). We ended the night with tiramisu cake (not the cheesecake) and that was really creamy and delicious. There is also a walkway from the cheesecake factory parking lot if you want to walk with your date after eating.
5 I came for dinner and our server "Kenneth" was terribly rude and inattentive towards our party. We asked him for straws multiple times upon him bringing our drinks. 10 minutes went by and we had to ask him again. He came back with one straw and he stated "it is against the law for me to carry straws". We had to go to the bar to help ourselves with additional straws. We also asked for more bread while we waited for our food. Again his response was "this is all I have" and literally brought two pieces of bread. Luckily, King another server was kind enough to bring more bread to our table while we waited a long time for our food. Kenneth also wasn't happy while walking by us and would literally ignore us. Lastly, we asked for a Happy Birthday request and it felt like we had to beg for it. His actions were totally unacceptable and I think his upper management and customers should be aware of this type of behavior.
1 Worst service ever!!! Good food however the  bend waiting to pay my bill for 45 mins if not longer . Unbelievable!! On top of everything they can't except any gift cards or credit cards  system went down...still waiting to pay my bill ..got here at 6:40 now 9 pm .. try to speak to the manager walked right past me spoke with another manager he was unhelpful all he could say is I'm sorry.....
3 For many, many years we have loved this place.  My niece's family, who now live in Colorado, always want to go when they visit.  My grand nieces pick for her 14th birthday.  Jen was our server Sunday, July 30. We told her we were celebrating the girls birthday when she greeted us.   I asked if we could order cheesecake with dinner so we did not have to wait for it.  She did not know how to do this without it coming right away :-/  We waited and waited after finishing dinner to order.  My niece had pulled her aside to remind her it was the little girls birthday.  Yep - she forgot.  Cheesecake finally came and WE sang to her without any help from the staff.   All around us people were being sung to with 4-6 servers joining in.  It was really sad.  The child was really sad!  Jen came when we were half way thru our cheesecake with a little cup of whipped cream, a teaspoon of ice cream and chocolate sauce wiped in the cup (that tasted horribly burnt) and ONE other person to sing to my niece.  Too little and too late.  We will find other places to go for our celebrations due to this.
1 i got a gift certificate for here from a wonderful friend, which i thought was a great idea!  the menu is so extensive that absolutely everyone can find something they will enjoy.  my peeps wanted a variety of dishes since we all eat differently. (vegan/vegetarian, kid friendly, lactose intolerant, and my brother is meatetarian. that's a thing right? let's just call it paleo;) everyone left satisfied with their selection. the salmon and wasabi mashed potatoes are worth revisiting, IMO. this location is my favorite. crowded, rightly so, since you can kick it in the moonlight.
3 My party is now entering the 5th hour of Cheesecake Factory. We signed up at 6:45 pm for a party of 15. We were told the wait would be an hour 15 to an hour 45...we weren't seated till 9:35 pm. We were told multiple times by different staff members that our table would be ready. As soon as we got seated a waiter poured 2 pitchers of ice water on our mom. While saying "don't worry, it's just ice water!" We got sat in a small corner where we had no elbow room, we waited 20 minutes to get high chairs. We had to ask multiple times to get water & bread refills. We did get complimentary appetizers. But our waitress was quite unenthusiastic. We got a back up waiter while she went on lunch & he was a million time better. Very understanding & attentive. Food was great, service was ridiculous. We couldn't split the bill, so our sister & her fussy baby couldn't leave. We got a tiny ice cream scoop for the bday girl & didn't bring the cheesecake menu after we asked 3 times. It's 11:55 pm & were now trying to figure out the bill so we can leave. Oh we still have to pay $7 for vallet...
2 Not worth the 1 hour and 45 minute wait. Rude hostess. Straight out the wrong place to be on a cold Friday night.
2 We are locals. We ordered eggs Benedict and The English muffin was black and burned and the taste of the food was affected. We Took a bottle of champagne with us and pay the corkage fee of $10 when we called the waiter and he called the manager he apologized but did not offer anything not even to cover the champagne corkage. We are not going back way. Black English muffins on eggs Benedict and just an apology really?
4 Went here for lunch on a late Saturday afternoon, and though the food was spot on, the service was totally a nightmare. From the moment they tried to seat us to paying the bill, I could not understand how this place could let themselves slip so badly. Though there were plenty of tables, the host inevitably wanted to seat us right near the wait/busboy station. Big buckets of dirty dishes and the order terminal do not make a good time. When we asked for a table not so close to the bus station, the host simply said, "Fine. Sit where you want."Our waitress was a loon. Somehow we got the one waitress who was assigned to at least 3 different sections of the restaurant. She was all over the room, yet never managed to get us water, bring us menus, nor refill our drinks. We waited a painfully long time and she was just not a good waitress. The other wait staff really do not care. If you are not their customer, they will not even look at you. One waiter constantly checked the payment folders for his tip and when we asked him for help, he told us flatly, that "it was not his station."Go tot the one at the Grove or the Beverly Hills location. Their service is solid. This location had scattered, lackadaisical and totally unmotivated service staff EVER!!!
4 favorites:ask for all brown bread and skip the whitesweet corn tamale cakes, avocado egg rolls, spinach and cheese dip appsfettucine with sundried tomatoes (i lose the chicken)RED VELVET CHEESECAKE and HOT CHOCOLATEone can never go wrong at the cheesecake factory. the marina del rey location is beautiful and the staff are wonderful. it can get crazy busy so either go early or get your order to go.
4 Love the Cheesecake Factory! Went for dinner- was a beautiful night! So much food!! I had Cheesecake for dinner- and that was enough. My partner had the pasta- it was so big we could have shared it with the 4 of us! Service was so incredibly friendly- I wish we got her name as she was so nice I would love to compliment her personally!
4 **self-parking is around the corner (make sure you buy your ticket at the  kiosk because parking enforcement comes around). don't pay for valet!! (they're rude anyways and don't need my $$!)i have been to the cheesecake factory many times and love it every time! (especially the godiva cheesecake. yum yum!)i went in with my girlfriends the other nite and had an exceptional time! our server made our nite! he definitely knows his stuff and does it with such ease! he was funny, entertaining and his eyes were nice to look at too! :) If you want a good server, ask for "T" (Tremaine)**and DON'T FORGET TO TIP YOUR SERVERS!!!! I can't stress this enough! tip AT LEAST 20%. servers work hard and live off their tips.  I can't believe some people complain to the managers about having to tip or leave less than $5. i think this is very rude!  be patient if your order isn't ready. i've worked in restaurants before and always make sure to take care of my server.
4 I love this place, but I was so pissed during the Memorial Day weekend.  The restroom should not be a place where kids change out of their swimsuits The restroom is tiny. Sand everywhere. Water on the floor. I slipped and fell. Thank God I am a Choreographer and I broke my fall so I wouldn't get hurt but my elbow is still soar. Please do better in this area. Thank youl
2.5 We had lunch there yesterday sitting in the patio.  The service was great and the food was excellent.  It was a great experience!
4 the food here is so-so. It's a bit pricy and falls into the realm of mediocre tastes expected with most chain restaurants. I did receive excellent service though and one highlight is their home-made ranch dressing made daily. Best ranch I've ever had but my buffalo strips were just ok.
3.5 We came here on Mother's Day and had such a lovely time thanks to our sweet waitress, Nicolette. She was so attentive and friendly. Couldn't have asked for a better waitress on that special day. Thanks Nicolette for making my first mothers day a great experience. That tiramisu cheesecake you recommended was delicious!  Definitely coming back here again!  :)
3.5 Take a seat outside when you go to this cheesecake factory. The terrace has heaters and a nice view. The food is always on point and the prices are good.
4 Long wait even though there were plenty open tables.  Food? MEH, SLOW service.  Conserving electricity, are we? so dark, couldn't see what I was eating.   Valet $6+TIP why? parking lot is right there.
1 One of my favorite restaurant ever. I just love to go there use their patio to watch the sunset while eating the most delicious food ever. I love that place and I always go there for any of my special events. Great service, servers, and managers. Can't wait to go back
1 Awesome beachside view. Cozy and warm outside seats.  I love the Fried Calamari and Shrimp & Chicken Gumbo.
3 Good food nice big portions very special unique dishes friendly stuff .... Great location
3 I really wanted to give them no stars but that is not possible I waited one hour to be seated when they said 20 minutes then the host said they had been calling my name when the buzzer didn't even buzz she should have just called me a liar great costumer service obviously isn't a requirement to work here then we were seated I waited one more hour for our food and my steak is over cooked and they forgot my sides the waitress didn't come to our table at all I had to call a near waiter by the end of my experience I'm just over it I know it's not a steak place but seriously it was really bad service no apology from the host no apology from the waitress the manager came to the table but at this point I just wanted to leave but I didn't want to ruin the rest of my parties time never going back I've been here so many times sometimes I just went for the cheesecake but they don't care for long time costumers.
1 A 3.5 star to be more exact.  Food at Cheese Cake factory is always tasty and good. I've never had any bad experience with the various restaurants I've been to.  Food is always flavorful, rich and yummy.  Plates are huge as always and can be shared by two people who have moderate appetites.  I've always had appetizers as my meals and the yummy various lemonade flavors!  This particular Cheese Cake was the nicer restaurants I've been to because it faces the marina which gives a serene romantic vibe.  I would attend again with friends or family.  Valet is $4.50 and there really isn't anywhere else to park.  That is the only downside to this Cheesecake factory.
1 Long wait to get a table and service. Weekends are packed especially with out of towners. Not surprised. They have one of the nicest view of the Marina. That's about the most pleasant part of my experience eating here. Waited about 40 min for a table and 20 minutes to order food. Wow that's already an hour!  Food is so so. They definitely have some good cheesecake though. Banana cream is delicious! Only valet parking at this restaurant.
1 Cheesecake factory is awesome to begin with but add a beautiful ocean harbor, a killer patio area and some great company on a summer night?!?!?! ITS ON. This place kicks ass as far as all of the CF's Ive been to. The only thing I dont like is the packed (cant help it) crowd and the long lines. Bar in the front is cool but is also madly packed. I usually end up ordering the same Jambalaya pasta and on occasion a Snickers cheesecake....yummmm (is it 5:00 yet?). Parking is a madhouse with the crowd but if you have patience, this place is the one to go if youre a CF fan like I am.
1 During my last visit to The Cheesecake Factory in Marina del Rey I received some of the most amazing customer service of my life. This place can be a mad house during the dinner rush, but its usually well worth the hassle. The staff definitely goes out of their way to make your experience positive and pleasurable. After being told that the wait for a table was an hour and a half we were directed to the downstairs beach side patio, where we could order drinks while we waited. This waiting patio is a GENIUS idea! No one likes to sit in the cramped lobby of a restaurant next to 30 other families awkwardly waiting to be seated. This patio was not crowded at all, was right near the water with beautiful views of the boats in the marina, and being able to order cocktails definitely makes the time go by faster. The cocktails at Cheesecake are some of the best Ive ever tasted, my favorites being The Ritz or the Peach Bellini. It's super easy to rack up a significant bill before you even get to eat dinner. Once we were seated we asked for extra bread due to the number of people in our party, a request which the waiter quickly fulfilled, bringing us enough of that delicious brown bread for a lifetime. MMMM brown bread = so good! We all ordered our entrees and continued sipping on our beverages and munching on bread until the food arrived. I ordered the Chicken Medallions, which, in my opinion, is one of the healthier options they have (they feature A LOT of pasta and carb loaded dishes). The waiter either heard me wrong or wrote down the wrong thing, so I received the Chicken Madeira instead, which is delicious in its own right, but just not what I had ordered. I informed him of the problem and he apologized and quickly ran to the kitchen to correct the mistake. Upon returning he offered me a salad or soup on the house while I waited for the correct dish to be prepared. I asked for baby greens with balsamic, which was totally yummy and distracted me from the fact that all my friends were eating their food while I was still waiting for mine. Then TWO different managers came by our table to apologize some more, and they offered to buy me another Ritz martini on the house as well. I have never experienced such amazing customer service in my life! My food was ready in a reasonable amount of time, especially considering the snafu, and I got a free salad and drink out of the deal. I couldnt really ask for anything more. Thank you to Anthony, our lovely waiter, and to the management of Cheesecake Factory Marina Del Rey for going out of their way to ensure I had a good experience.
4 Only came here for dessert Cheesecake covered with Strawbwerries Yuuuumstersssss whew enjoy....
1 Food is always good. Service also. I come here a lot and they know me and my son and are always friendly and welcoming
4 Expect a LONG wait as it's always crowded.  The food is dependable and I've always enjoyed their pasta dishes.  I've gone several times through the years, opting for an outdoor table during the summers as it's cool and beautiful outside and great for a date, but be warned that it's a loud place so again the outdoor setting is more conducive for intimate, get to know each other time versus sitting inside.  They have good, friendly staff that are knowledgeable and helpful.  And of course there is the cheesecake.  That itself is yummy! I even order their pumpkin cheesecake for Thanksgiving as that is yummy! It's SO worth it! Parking is limited, but they have valet to take care of that! A great place to eat in the marina so expect a wait!
4 Me and my family really love this chain.  It really does not get any better than this restaurant for quality and variety.  I usually tell diners to choose only from 2 or 3 items on the menu of most restaurants to avoid disappointment, but CCF is an exception to my rule.I have eaten countless dishes on their menu and been pleasantly surprised with the wonderful meals each time.However, I would be shortchanging new diners if I did not mention what I love most on their menu which includes:Cajun Jambalaya Pasta-unbelievableCrusted Chicken Romano-again YUMCajun Chicken Littles-Best chicken fingers on the planetBBQ Ribs-OMG great!Renee's Special-Soup,Salad,Sandwich-have it on Saturday with the Chicken soup(Sat Only) and your soul will thank you.Pizza-greatSteaks-surprisingly great!You can't go wrong with the great food, huge portions, and the beautiful space you are eating within.The service is usually really good too, however I have had a few bums as servers.  The good thing is the manager has comped us completely on those occasions.This place is a real winner, eat there as much as possible, we do!
4 I was visiting Marina Del Rey with a friend and we decided to eat at CCF. We asked to sit outdoors because the scenery was beautiful! Hands down! The best view ever at a CCF. But the back patio was so cramped...I was sitting real close to the person next to us that I can hear their conversation and couldn't hear my friend who was sitting right across from me. Then so many people would have to pass by our table and accidentally bump it. I enjoyed our food, but I've had better experience.
4 The bill arrived and I think my BFF said "I think we drank our weight in champagne" cause I was a bit tipsy and the lounge was loud. We arrived to a packed factory thinking, "Everybody and their mama is out today in this rain." We ordered the spinach dip, jumbalaya shrimp, and ahi tuna carpaccio. Along with lots of bubbly. Next time we should just order the big bottle. My only complaint was my first drink order which was the raspberry martini. Now I know when to expect the alcohol to hit me and my glass was half empty and nothing, nada, zilch. It might as well be blended grape juice. I told the waiter who offered me a different drink and I switched to the champagne. Lovely rainy Saturday.
4 Always a fan of the Cheesecake Factory! It was a lovely overcast day in West LA. I ordered up the Fried Shrimp with Chipotle sauce which had a little kick to it. My main course was the Grilled Mahi Mahi which was excellently grilled and sauteed spinach. A wonderful light lunch on the beach. I love my West LA :)
2.5 This is one of the better franchise among all other Cheesecake Factories. Expected decent food with large portions, cozy decor. Try to reserve an outdoor table during any (sunny) summer afternoon, and you will enjoy this meal even better.
4 Ate there Sunday night, and it had been several years since I've been to any of their restaurants.   My overall response   "meh"The menu, as always was huge.  Maybe because I'm eating differently (aka healthier), but the menu choices didn't seem as appealing as they had in the past.  I finally decided on the chicken marsala, which was good.  Unfortunately, my husband did not like his fish and chips - so much so that he didn't even want to get it wrapped to take home. Frankly, the service was just not up to par.  Our server, Justin, was friendly enough, but he didn't come back to our table often enough to check how things were going.  One of my dining partners just wanted a refill on a coke, but was unable to get it.The vanilla bean cheesecake was very good.  Was definitely the best part of the meal.Overall, I think that my food tastes have changed, because the visit just didn't have the delicious excitement that it had in the past.Too bad.
3.5 Love the chinese chicken salad at cheesecake factory. The bread and butter is by far the best part of the dining experience (plus the cheesecake I take to-go). It can get busy, so I would avoid this place on holidays, etc
3.5 Awesome views - you can see all the private boats there.Food is fantastic - but the portions are pretty big.We went there reallllly late but the server was very accomodating and cute as well - he did space out occasionally and apologized profusely for it but i dont mind at all - people are bound to get tired at 12.30 freaking a.m.!Will definitely return the next time I'm in the area!
4 This was the first Cheesecake I ever went to as a kid in the 80's. The 2nd cheesecake factory to ever open. As one of the original restaurants this one is still my favorite. Looking out onto the Marina. If you like avocado, try the appetizer avocado rolls with pesto sauce. They are to die for. Calamari yum, Cheesecake always superb. The menu is big. Great place. Great for first dates, birthdays, familys, anniversarys. Outside the rift of ocean air makes for a peaceful brunch anyday.
4 This spot is still my fav go-to spot! There is no street parking only valet.  Try the bloody mary!!
4 The view can't be beat. Not crazy about the valet parking. Food is standard CF fare. I would opt for the outdoor seating if available and the weather is right. Takeout option is quick and easy, but be sure to park in the To Go area.
1 I had a gift certificate to come eat here and I was putting it off because I just wasn't that excited to go... But I was so happily surprised! Food was really good. Service was top notch and sitting outside on the patio watching a sunset was such a great way to unwind. Since it's so good, it's pretty popular though so long wait and no reservations on weekends.
5 Many of the other comments summarize what I think. The tables were too crowded - I had a hard time getting out from the table even though I was on the end. The view is nice and is probably why people like this place. The food is marginal at best. We went at lunch time and I ordered a lunch special - chicken romana. It should have been described as a huge pile of spaghetti with a little chicken, The waitress did bring me an extra piece of chicken. I was much better than the original piece. My wife's salad had to be sent back. It was all wilted and looked very unappetizing. The replacement was OK. Our meals had clearly sat under the heat lamps too long. The people we were with ordered dinner selections. One person's steak  was large, looked overdone for my taste and was about on par with something from the Sizzler. The last person had chicken picatta, which they said was good. We had dessert. I don't know how they manage to cram so many calories into one piece of cheesecake but they did (approx 1300 cal each). The key lime cheesecake was reported to be quite good. My white chocolate with raspberry cheesecake was OK. Overall, don't go here for the food. Go for a heaping number of calories, and for the views. Without the view the rating would have been 1-2 stars. I would rather have had small portions which were well prepared.
5 The valet parking sucks to a whole new level. It took longer to get my car than to be seated at the restaurant. The food was great. Our server was amazing, but as we were eating a family came in with a stroller and the manager was so rude ! I have a infant myself and I choose to carry his car seat instead of taking the stroller, but if I had taken the stroller like the family next to me maybe I would of ran into a horrible time. It seemed as the store manager he was a tall light skinned guy with a blue collar shirt. He went off on not only the employee that seated the customer, but also the customer and her family. He was rude to an extremely level. Even though my experience was not as bad as theirs I still had to mention it because I as a customer witnessed the way he talked to the employee and Customers. They made such a scene while I was dinning in that it made it uncomfortable for us so we left. Definitely never visiting this location ever, but instead at a different city. Thanks !
2 I love the Cheesecake Factory but NOT this location. I came into town for business but won't make an effort to come here again. I was seated rather quickly but where I was sitting there was gum underneath the table that got all over my slacks !!  my waiter took forever to bring out bread and a busser came out with my drink and my appetizer. The waiter saw that I had gum all over my pants and saw me trying to get it out and told me he was going to get his manager she took a while to get there and was so insincere about it telling me she will pay for the dry cleaning but I told her I was out of town and she just said sorry and walked away... the waiter came back and was a lot more sincere in his apology I ended up getting buffalo blasts which were extremely greasy I ended up eating two of them and asked for my check because I was so upset.
1 Terrible location run by a bunch of crybabies. I came here with my girlfriend to celebrate getting my new car, and it was a disaster. My girlfriend's meal came out 30 minutes before mine, and she was finished eating by the time mine came out. Then when my food finally did come out, i told the waitress that i didn't want the meal if it wasn't going to be comped, and she yelled at me for interrupting her (which i didn't) and turned around and walked away with my meal. Then the manager came out and started defending her, and when I asked for the whole meal to be comped because of what a bad experience and waste of time it was he said i was "asking for too much" and that i was "killing him". Needless to say, I will not be back.
4 Went there for my wedding rehearsal dinner and the service and food was excellent.  We had about 40 people in our party and everyone was pleased.  The staff did and excellent job and the food and drinks were delicious.  So much cheesecake!  I never thought I would have too much cheesecake, but that's a great problem to have.  Excellent event and environment for a very special occasion.
2 Allow me to start by saying that this is my first horrible experience at cheesecake factory. Normally, service there is great and the food and customer service is above average....but when I tell you yesterday was TERRIBLE it was absoulutely UNBEARABLE. My husband and I arrived to the bar ( where we always sit in order to get FASTER service with food and drinks) for cocktails and food. After waiting for about 40 minutes for bread, one entree and crab bites the bartender informed me that the runner forgot to bring our food....EVEN THE BREAD..... in the mean time... table after table and every other bar patron recieved our food. So after a couple cocktails and no food later I told the bartender that we could just leave if we are not going to be served any food. So he was very friendly about it and got the manager. The manager Amanda came out and assured us that the food would be there right away and was not !! It took another 20 minutes... and the order was wrong !!!! ugggh fast forward..... when she brought out the food again I asked her if it was safe for me to order anything else or would it take another hour.....she reassured me it would come out right away. IT DID NOT ......after another 40 minutes or so I saw Amanda casually pass by the bar and I stopped in asked her ....where are the chicken sliders? To her suprise she asked ...they didnt bring them yet? I told her no...then she went in the back and in about 10 minutes later she brought them out. LMAO.... when I tell you they ruined our entire experience...it would be an under statement. So then, in the end they took the 7 dollar chicken sliders and 7 dollar crab bites off and we paid 20 bucks for our pasta and 61 bucks for our drinks. I also tipped both off the bartenders 5 dollars a piece because they made pretty good drinks. Oh then she had the nerve to ask my husband and I if we were going to pay the bill... AFTER we had already paid !!!!!!!!! TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE. Service 2/10Food: 7 1/2/10Valet 10/10Bartenders 8/10
4 We've all tried Cheesecake Factory before but I just like this one a little better than the other locations with the patio outdoor.It's a nice place to come for lunch, have a few cocktails, overlooking the Marina.
4 I'm giving the Cheesecake Factory three stars because overall, the place is just mediocre.  Now, they do have some of the best desserts anywhere, so I would rate it at least four starts.  Of course, the place is always packed, so if you do what I do, walk in, order you a Godiva Chocolate Cheesecake, and then eat that sucker on the way back to the car, this place is heaven and deserves five stars!
4 Because the patio overlooks the Marina, the ambience is great, especially if you go at night.  The patio is heated which is nice b/c it always gets a little chilly with the ocean breeze.  The wait staff is nice and attentive, however DO NOT sit at the bar area!  Every time I have sat there, the drinks take FOREVER and the service is horrible.  One time a friend even had his drink spilled on him...by the waiter!!  Overall, you can't beat the huge menu selection and all the food is pretty good.
4 When you go a cheesecake factory you pretty much know what you're going to get, so it's really all about the service. We came here twice recently and it was fantastic service both times. Minimal wait times as well. We were staying at a local hotel and parking seemed to be an issue with the restaurant, but you could park in the public lot down the street and walk along the beach to get to the cheesecake really easily.
4 So I meet up with good friends for Sunday brunch. They order 'real' food and I order a salad. Surprisingly, their food comes out first and is beginning to get cold as I wait for my salad. Eventually it comes out, ten minutes later. The manager comps the salad. As I'm down to my last bite, I notice there is something coarse and somewhat crunchy. I pull the object out of my mouth and it's a piece of spiraled green plastic with some sharp edges. Of course I call for the manager. A different one comes out and gives the perfunctory apology and the "if there's anything that I can do" line. To top off the experience, Xavier (3 years old) didn't get his ice cream sundae as we were eating our comped cheesecakes.I was more surprised than disappointed with this Cheesecake Factory
4 Probably one of my most memorable visits to a Cheesecake Factory ever!   Although it was quite busy, the hostess offered my friends and I a seat at the bar and some appetizers for the 20 minutes before our outdoor table was ready.  It was too beautiful a day at 60 degrees to pass up such a gorgeous view of the marina, people running, and biking.  The service was impeccable, the food was scrumptious, and the company was excellent.  I've returned once since my original visit and will go back again when I'm in town.  I hold off on my local Cheesecake Factory in Waikiki so I can savor my next visit to the Marina del Rey location.
2.5 So I love restaurants with a view. This is one of them. I like the food.  It is a typical Cheesecake Factory so you know what to expect as far as food is concerned.  Now, service can be up and down. I usually like to sit as close to the water as possible and will usually ask if I can do so. This is one of the few places where the hostesses have refused to sit me where I ask when the tables are empty. At most restaurants, if the table is empty they will accommodate you. Luckily, the couple of times that this has happened, the wait staff have allowed me to move.  They have a lot of outdoor seating and  I love that about this place.
4 Food was not okay, I cannot say the same for the service.  The waiters seemed preoccupied with how their weekend was going(based on the conversation I heard.  Also I'm not sure if there was anything else that could have been done in the situation but someone s baby kept crying the whole time and it really ruins your meal when you have to listen to a screaming baby the whole time..... can't say I won't come back, but I'll definitely look elsewhere first next time
3.5 Nice view when dining outside !!! Good drinks and I love their chicken cashew. Not to fond that its valet parking only. Its a nightmare to get out of there on a busy day, but compared to other location I like this one the best.
3.5 Walked from the mariott with my family for dinner. Immediately seated on the deck. There were heaters and prompt service. We shared a great appetizer and then our entrees. They were fresh and tasty. This is a great location overlooking the marina. It was a great evening. Highly recommend
4 I absolutely love this place. Everytime we go here the staff are extremely friendly and attentive. I wish I could eat here all the time. Plus the patio seating is right on the beach, can't get a better view!
4 This review is based on their waiting system. We checked in at 5:30pm and they said it would be an hour wait. An hour and 10 minutes later, I checked in to see how much longer it would be, and they said they had assigned us a table and the people at that table hadn't finished yet and they couldn't tell us how much longer. An hour and 45 minutes later, we still hadn't been called, and the host gave us the same spiel, and said there was nothing they could do because they had assigned us a table. People who came after us were able to be seated before us because of this protocol. Ridiculous! We left, and I will never go back to this location.
4 I'm a big fan of cheesecake factory because they have so many different options but this place really sucked. The food was horrible. So we ordered a burrito which came with no guacamole and when we asked the server she said umm were out of guacamole... Then the fries who can mess up fries? They were cold and soggy. I ordered the bbq chicken salad which they brought out and it was missing the onion rings on top my favorite part. They waiter said i'm going to bring your inion rings soon. So after 15 min of no onion rings i go to the bathroom on my way back I saw the waiter grab some onion rings with his bare hands from a bigger plate of rings and take it to our table... Is that even sanitary? I think not. If this wasn't bad enough my mom ordered the luau salad. The waitress came and said um sorry we dont have the wontons that go in this salad so we said its fine since all the rest of the food was out.. Later the manager came and said that he was making them fry fresh wontons and the salad wouldn't be charged. Overall it was a horrible experience. My hubby got a club sandwich (im sure your wondering how that could've been messed up right?) the bread was burned. I honestly don't know if it was an off day but to mess up all 4 meals seems a little weird to me..
1 So the Cheapskate Factory responds to my review about my Mom's 90th birthday experience and asks me to contact them so they can speak to me directly about our experience.  Being the fair minded guy that I am, I actually honor their request.  And, of course, they never call me back.  I guess I should have told the Cheapskate Factory to call me collect...
4 My 90 year old mother chose to celebrate her 90th birthday at the Cheapskate Factory in Marina Del Rey and she wanted to buy all of us dinner with her Cheapskate Factory gift cards that we had given her the day before.  After we finished our entrees, we ordered a cheesecake for desert to celebrate Mom's rare milestone.  Believe it or not, the Cheapskate Factory had the nerve to charge her for her dessert.  Wow!  Talk about cheap!  And to add insult to injury, they charged her $8 for the privilege of parking her car in a handicapped parking space which I don't believe is legal or just plain nice.I did share my displeasure about the charge for the cheesecake and the parking with Amanda, the manager, and she told me that the Cheapskate Factory does not provide a complimentary dessert for a customer's birthday whether 90 years or not.  On the other hand, she asked me to come back and I will when pigs fly...
5 So, ten disabled guests arrive to dine at the Cheesecake Factory. Except, I was informed that handicap guests also have to pay for valet? I requested to park myself, since the spaces were literally in front of the restaurant? I was denied!!! I said since when? To my knowledge and listed with my placard does it state disabled patrons will be charged a fee to utilize designated handicap parking. All handicap parking was available at the time and he literally wanted us to pay $4.50 a vehicle to back up one space at the entrance of the facility? I asked the manager who advised me that the parking is not handled by them? I asked even if illegal treatment occurs to your customers? His response: here is the number to our corporate office. I did not care about the money, I care about the rights of the disabled and I know what they are. It was 6 disabled car loads of folks.  Needless to say, I am writing a letter to Cheesecake Corporate. Let's see what will be said? But on a good note, our waiter Christopher was phenomenal! Food was great!The federal government requires some public and private entities to provide handicap parking for the public. Under the federal Americans with Disabilities Act, the establishment must make reasonable accommodations. There is federal case (CA) law (applying federal statutes) which has held that fees for certain handicap permits and valet parking are illegal. A case which held that  a establishment had to provide a free handicap space, close to the building, for a handicapped person.
1 I visited the one in Marina Del Rey a few weeks ago. The food was great but the ladies room was unkempt. I advised management who seem not to care because after an hour it still was not clean. Guess I won't be visiting this location again. So I posted this review on their Facebook page and received a message from "The Cheesecake Factory" requesting my contact information so they could "follow up with me." I submitted the information via their contact form and "someone" was going to be contacting me. To date, I have not heard anything. I believe that was done to "save face" on Facebook. I will not be visiting this or any other location anytime soon.
4 Their avocado egg rolls are a must!!! This location is best for a Sunday brunch or a birthday dinner over the weekend, just be sure to make reservations before hand because it does get a bit crowded due to the view.
1 Amazing service . Always checkin you out if you need anything. Good prices, good food. Aaamaazzing cheescakes
4 This is the best location by far. The view is incredible and you can play on the beach while you are waiting for a table. Also, the tables outside are lovely and there is a beautiful view. Service is on point. Food is always perfect. We always go for the avocado eggrolls to start. One of my favorites is the jambalaya pasta which is spicy and so good!
3 Delicious Pesto.  Some of the best Ive ever had.  It was awesome.  Id give it 5 stars but the service was kind of slow.
4 The beef ribs are fantastic! We sat out on the porch in the evening, it was a little cold, but there were heaters. I recommend bringing a jacket, at least for the next few weeks. I'm new to the area, so I'm not sure when it starts being warm at night. I imagine by the water, it's usually a bit chilly. I thought the service was pretty good.
4 I've been to many different Cheesecake Factory's and think this is one of the nicest. The place is large and usually packed with attractive people. Call ahead to make reservations so you could have dinner on the patio that overlooks the harbour and watch the sunset. Even though the bar area is very social and designed to give easy access to ordering food and drinks the bartenders are clueless so I recommend just ordering everything from your waitress. If you are a fan of chocolate be sure to try the Oreo Cheesecake.
4 I'm from Texas and go to the Cheesecake Factory every now and then there. This one blows the ones I've been to out of the water. Its beautiful, sits on the water and eating outside on a nice afternoon is amazing. The food is great much better than at any other Cheesecake Factory I've been to and the service is even better. If you're looking for a great night out; here is where you want to be.
4 Great location but not so great food. The portions are HUGE. I ordered the Thai pasta and its was alright. We also ordered the Orange chicken which was too sweet. Not impressed at all. Our server was super nice and attentive. I am not a fan of the mandatory valet parking. Come on!!!! It's Cheesecake Factory not Neiman and Marcus even if its in Marina Del Rey. Only reason I keep returning to this particular spot is because of the view. Good place to go if you have visitors from out of town.
4 Okay ... so I've been going to Cheesecake Factory for many years now ... and quite frequently too ... once every 2 to 3 weeks ... so you can see I am a fan.  Never bothered to write a review in all these years.  So what prompted me to write this review, you might ask ... well, it was the blunder they made with my last dine-in order.  Blunder? ... and still 5 stars? well, yes ... I think they deserve it.My wife and I went for a dinner last week.  Everything from waiting to seating to order-taking to appetizer service was going well ... till our entrees arrived.  Chicken Bellagio  is originally served with prosciutto.  I don't eat pork so I specifically asked for NO prosciutto.  In fact, although I have Cheesecake Factory's gigantic menu pretty much all memorized, and although I know what menu items have pork and cooking alcohol in them, as a matter of habit, I always mention my waiter that I don't eat pork and can't have any alcohol, so if I order an item that contains either pork or alcohol, please caution me.  That night was no exception.When the dish was served, there was this big slice of prosciutto on top.  When I mentioned that I ordered it without prosciutto, the girl who brought out the food took it right back and told me that they will quickly prepare it again.  Seconds later our waiter was there apologizing and a minute later the manager was at our table side apologizing and offering chowder while I waited for the dish to be prepared again, not knowing that we had already ordered chowder earlier (and it was delicious).Now I can see all this when a customer is visibly upset or loud, but I was neither upset nor did I complain loudly.  I was, for some reason, simply in too good a mood to let anything this small ruin it.I have always enjoyed their food, which I must mention, is always plentiful, and I have always admired their excellent service ... and I look forward to being their customer for a long time.They didn't comp me for the dish.  They didn't comp the dessert either (a slice of tiramisu cheesecake) that my wife and I shared, which I find slightly surprising.  But they still get 5 stars from me for both food and service.PS: I am disappointed on closure of their Brentwood location.  I never dined there but picked up food from there as take-out almost on a weekly basis.
4 Great location, food and service. It is my go to place to bring family from out of town. As this is a chain, you won't get anything too edgy, but that's a good thing when you have picky eaters. The menu is massive and there's bound to be something for everyone.
2.5 This place is busy. They always have good portions of food and the drinks are par. The outdoor seating is amazing.
4 I usually only go to CF when I'm invited (aka, it has never been my first choice.) I've been to ones back home (NY) but this one was different - the view. The food is not much to boast about. I usually get a salad (chicken on the side) and eat the nice bread. There's only valet parking. Make sure you know which turn to take to get to the restaurant or you'll be stuck in the Venice Beach traffic.
3.5 The food is great and the service is always fast.  If it is crowded, you can get a table in the pretty bar area and eat there.  The lemon meringue cheesecake is out of this world!  Highly recommend this.
3.5 marina del Ray , 1 block away from the Marriott -goat cheese beet appetizer- 9-buffalo chicken tenders- 9- yummy weird mix with bufolo dipping sauce-dynamite shrimp-7 not like of changs. dipping sauce not marinated.
4 Truly one of the best "chain" restaurants out there, Cheesecake has been my favorite place for a  fancy lunch or a romantic dinner for a long time. The service is typically top notch and the variety of foods on the menu gives you so much to choose from, you can have almost any different type of food, or just your fav every time (I love the steak Diane and Shimp Scampi - yumm!).  I really like the Marina del Rey location because the view from the patio is beautiful. Check it out!
1 I went here and the wait was over 45 minutes long. I had my stomach tumbling and turning, when the waiter finally brought me my water I was relieved when the BIG BREAD basket arrived. We gobbled it all up in 10 minutes. I ordered the spinach dip and house salad. I must say i don't like the table arrangement. I feel like I am eating on top of the next person and can hear the conversations all around me.
3 The entrees are not always great (fish and chips especially not so good). The cheesecake is. The staff have always been friendly, fast, and attentive.
1 I love the Cheesecake factory. This one is really crowded and the parking lot is valet only. Not super easy to get too and when there is a wait it is really jammed up. On the brighter side it has a great patio.
1 Yum!  Their new 'Skinnylicious' menu rocks... Our server was friendly and funny and very attentive.  Definitely recommend to anyone wanting some quality food, good service & fun ambiance.
4 Great food, service, and atmosphere. The Mai Tais were good, but not as good as Tony P's.
4 The place is nice, the portions are very big. Huge cake selections can be attractive to those who like cakes. While one can find some vegan options, I would not highly recommend for vegans...
3 Valet parking is a major ripoff.  It is right in a parking lot with plenty of spaces. Not as if it is a busy street.  Won't go back for that reason.  It isn't the 5 bucks but the disrespect for customer it shows.
5 My family and I probably had one of the nicest dinners together at this restaurant. We were looking for a restaurant for New Years Eve (Yes, this review is almost 3 months overdue) and typed in Cheesecake factory in the GPS. My family from Europe thought it was some cheap diner from its name, and was told we had to wait for around 40 minutes.Got there, and they let us know that the patio was free and we could grab a table there and then. We went outside and it was absolutely beautiful, the terraced patios really added to the ambiance of the meal, had no clue why people wanted to sit inside! I'm all about the experience being just as important as the food, and I was dumbfounded to see where we would be dining. Clear skies, beautiful moon, great food, great service, lovely company just made this one of the nicest dinner's we've had as a family. If you're around the LA area, definitely check this branch out, and try the red velvet cheesecake. That really topped off a meal we thought couldn't get any better. -C
4 Never has a waitress been so rude to me. Thank God for Yelp, where I can openly describe my retched experience. I love Cheesecake and I am a frequent customer. Most of the servers are lovely. However, I encountered a terrible woman last time I was here. Her name is Sarah and if you wind up in her section, ask to be moved!Otherwise, I have few complaints. The food is, and will probably always be good.
1 I've been to all of them and this is by far gone wayyyyy down hill.  The one in Brentwood is my usual choice and it is wonderful but this one in Marina Del Rey --- you would think you are at Soup Plantation the way you are treated.  The food is wayyyy cheap.  Had a salad and it looked like two throw away fingernail size pieces of chicken.  All wet lettuce and bare bones on what made it a Sante Fe Salad.  They need to pick it up.  Do something about the service and the food and in general the attitude.  I advise you to spend your money at Tony P's which is right down the street.  Much, Much better.  Or go to Brentwood to the real Cheesecake Factory.
4 I've been there for my husband birthday and I was impressed for sugar free cheesecake and the ambience. Can't believe, it's amazing. I'd go there once a week, if I could......loved it
4 They have the best chinese chicken salad. whenever i come to the cheesecake factory, I get this because the dressing is so tangy. Once I get something I like I keep ordering it. Also I really like this location, because unlike other Cheesecake factories, this one isnt a total zoo. Crowded, but not overwhelming.
4 OK so I realize we all love cheese cake factory but this location in particular is the one to go to for all my West LA peeps. I've been here several times and the food/drinks always live up to the high cheese cake factory standards.  BUT what sets this location apart from all the other is I have never waiting more than 20 minutes to sit the and the view of the marina is literally a million dollar view. Even if its a little chilly out the heat lamps keep the outside deck very comfortable.
4 Five stars why mhmm?.....I love this place they have probably the best food i have ever tryed yum! If you ever visit sit outside it has a great well beautiful view of the beach bad part is there is birds every where but its not there problem because its mother nature. FOOD is great check this place out u will love it.
4 We had a table for two on the patio for lunch and enjoyed our visit so much!  Ordered two appetizers and green mint tea.  Our server was upbeat and took such good care of us we will return!  It is so nice to have good food and a server with a smile.  Thanks Andrew!
2.5 Obsessed! I know the Cheesecake Factory is a chain but this has got to be the best one I've gone too. There's a large selection of just about everything anyone would want and everything I've experienced is really good. Just save room for some cheesecake afterwards. Also, the view of the marina is absolutely beautiful.
4 I called made a reservation for my client giving them all of my credit card information, and also got a confirmation fax back. When my client showed up today they were told they can not use my card. Today is my clients birthday and i was trying to surprise her. I am extremely disappointed.
3.5 I love the location of this restaurant. Unfortunately I've lost my love for this restaurant. The lunch and dinner selections stopped drawing me back for meals years ago. The last few deserts I've brought home don't seem to have that same kick they had years ago. Maybe I'm just getting old.
3.5 I was here last Tuesday. Breathtaking view from the outside patio. Great food too. I loved the avocado rolls and the pineapple upside down cake. Can't wait to go back soon!
4 This particular location overlooks the ocean and has fantastic views from the tables.  The food is delicious and we never have to wait for a table no matter how crowded it is. I've eaten at many restaurants and I find that I get better value here for the money. Prices are very reasonable. There are cabanas outside to eat under, dining inside the bar area, an outside lounge area near the water with a fireplace and four levels of dining. This restaurant is huge.  There are two menus. A regular menu with lots of things to pick from and the Skinnylicous menu.  I love the Skinnylicous menu because they offer delicious  dinners under 600 calories, like pasta, hamburgers, and salads. They even have drinks under 150 calories. Since I'm always watching my weight, this menu gives me a great selection of diverse food and drinks to select from. I can't say enough about Marina del Rey Cheesecake Factory. It's a fun place to go. You can always grab a table in the bar if it's crowded and you don't want to wait 20 minutes for a table in the dining room or outside.  The staff is always fast and polite. It's a great place to come to celebrate, in a group or as a couple, I've seen single people eating alone here because there's so much going on and it's an enjoyable and comfotable place to dine.
5 We really enjoy the food and service here.  The prices are reasonable too.  Would give 5 stars if they took reservations after 6 p.m. Also, the restaurant is too dark inside, the lighting needs to be a little brighter.  During our time there last night, I observed numerous patrons using the flashlights on their cellphones in order to read the menu.
4 Long story short.. came here for graduation lunch..the Hostesses were short and rude..our waitress was spot on and gave great friendly service for a party of 25..my Daughter had the Salmon and as we were leaving became violently ill.. I mentioned it to the Manager on duty and she was nice and took my name and number to check on her.. which she did not do. After I got my car from the Valet and while my sister waited for her car another lady waiting for her car told her she got very ill after her meal and the manager comped her lunch.. she had fish as well.. Don't get fish here!
2 Do not come here if you have a big party since they don't take reservations and the wait is super long. We had a party of 8 people and waited over 75 minutes for a table. The waiter took a long time to get us bread and throughout the night, we could not get anyone to serve us drinks for quite a while. We were starving but the appetizers came after the entrees did. The pastas we were ordered were pretty bland. We came to celebrate 2 birthdays. They usually offer complimentary ice-cream sundaes to you if you have a birthday, but if you want the free sundae, DO NOT buy a cheesecake for dessert. We bought 4 cheesecakes and were not offered the sundaes because we bought the cheesecakes. However, their policy is, if you don't buy a cheesecake, then they will give you the free sundae. Very odd logic to me, since, if we had known this ahead of time, we would not have bought the cheesecakes. Customers should be rewarded for buying their cheesecakes, not for NOT buying them. When the cheesecakes arrived, we also didn't have any knives for a long time and had to use our forks to cut them. The cheesecakes were not particularly good and just tasted greasy. It was a terrible night and ruined my birthday. I would highly recommend NOT coming here.
2 So we're at the Cheesecake Factory this man allowed his two kids to toss toys and play at my table! I did not say anything until the kid's toy was almost in my drink and they had to touch me to retrieve the toy. I then asked the father to have his children play closer to his table. He said ok sorry "come here before you catch something." I asked like what? Manners? Degrees? I have both! I'm upset that I had to say something in the first place! I asked for a manager, who was extremely nice and was just as upset! I thought he handled the situation with integrity and sensitive. Others walked over to our table after we had been relocated to the other side of the patio to apologize and acknowledge the severity of his comment and actions. It was very dishearten.
3 While attempting to dine at The Cheesecake Factory this man allowed his two kids to toss toys and play at my table! The waiting staff ignored the children playing like it was a playground at my table. Clearly these were not our children! I did not say anything until the kid's toy was almost in my drink/plate and she had to touch me to retrieve the toy.
2 this place is ok if you're with a group of people but if you're coming as a couple it's really loud and it really obnoxious. There's very little you can do when it comes to talking to someone else one on one without raising your voice because the whole restaurant is very loud and there's a lot of side talk. The food yes and the service is a really good, the waiting to get into be over faster but for the area I understand why they're always busy.
1 This place can not get even zero star , service is awful , beautiful view and patio but the table are so close to each other that you think you are sitting in air plane , you have to beg them to turn the heather , the food is not fresh that it used tobe  , I am not going back for sure  , I think  we should not support the big businesses any more because they are so big now that they don't care about their customer.
3 The service by the host was amazing upon our arrival. Shortly after the waitress service is below zero. She may been new our the store was running with non effective management. One waitress was helping over 20 tables at the same time due to late hours shift. They were short staff not sure if they were cutting hours or worries about over time. We order the food before 3 tables and never got our food. Sure a manager came when we asked for the check without eating our main course due to lack of timing. The manager by the name of Mark came and apologized and started scripting. This place use to always be my favorite. I can assure u that we will never go there again. Service was beyond not effective.
4 Been going to this place before it opened. Used to be a steak place in the last century. Cheesecake was and probably still is a good value. However. mnagement ability has degenerated  badly and sadly. Took a table on the patio on a chilly evening. The heat lamp was not on and when I requested it be turned on a bus boy said it was broken. When I requested that another be brought the robot seating us said they couldn't move them. I've had them moved many times. A few minutes later I asked another bus boy and he turned it on. The we ordered 2 gin martinis. What arrived tasted like s--t. When I mentioned it to the server she was shocked but did nothing. I called for a manager who came over and tolerated us and replaced the martinis saying a "dirty martini" was ordered. I never heard of a dirty martini. When the bill arrived there were six (6) martinis on it and 2 martini credits. When I pointed this out  to our "server" she said WOW after being forced to look at the tab. There was never any apology of any kind. Really poor service and management. A complaint to Cheesecake never brought a reply. No matter the food; this kind of treatment leaves one with a bad taste, sort of like the martinis.
5 I love this place... feels like perfect evening every time I get here for dinner :)
4 i was craving a burger so i got one of the "special" burgers  it was great i ordered some chicken tenders for my son and they portions were massive!  i prefer the menu at grand luxe cafe
4 These bitches tried to kill me!!! First of all, they sat my boyfriend and I all the way in the back by the kitchen after waiting 15 mins for a seat. The servers kept bumping into me going to and from the kitchen which annoyed the hell out of me since they knew good and dam well they were bumping me and didn't even do as much as look back to give a "oops sorry about that expression". Instead of leaving like I should have, I ordered the Jambalaya. My boyfriend was eating out of my plate while I had to take a phone call and I noticed that the shrimp sitting in the Jambalaya were grey. My boyfriend was like, babe your food is cold. I immediately called the manager over and blessed his ass out. I made him call the server who brought that crap out to me to apologize. My boyfriends food was fine and the manager expected me to pay for his. I told him I wasn't paying for crap and collected my purse and my man and stormed out advising all the patrons not to order the Jambalaya as it had raw shellfish in it. I called and reported them to the health department the very next day. I received a report from them advising that they got a very negative report and 4 of their meals were being held under the proper temperature. I'll never go back. They totally suck!
4 Today I visited the Cheesecake Factory in Marina del Rey and after being told a table would be available in 5 mins was only seated 35 minutes later. I ordered calamari which was excellent as a starter, but was told that the entrees were ready before I managed to even halfway finish the calamari. They brought the wrong salad, and had the audacity to charge for it. We had chicken Marsala and unfortunately the chicken was tougher than shoe leather! We also ordered a hamburger and although we asked for it to be well done, it came out cremated and dry. I have eaten here on several occasions but never had such a bad meal as we had today. I will never return to this restaurant again.
4 So my friend and I decided we wanted to try this particular restaurant. We sat outside to be able to view the marina and it was real nice. However we weren't too pleased about how crowded the seats and tables are. So many tables practically making it seem instead a party of 2 its a party of 4! You can't have a private conversation. All night I could  hear the couple next to us talk about her friend and her this and that and don't get me started on our waiter. Was it because he was new or nervous or not focused, he forgot to bring our wine and never bothered to ask us if everything was fine or if we would like another glass. We had to ask the guy who brought out our food. Never even asked if we needed anything else. I was so close in not giving him a tip. Zero stars for him. The food however is awesome! I tried the Jamaican black pepper shrimp, it was to die for..alot of flavor with just the right amount of spice...4 stars for the food..
4 These are the best cheesecake I ever had, and the food is also great. The service is amazing, love to come here with the family, is super nice
2.5 Too bad for the this chain. I have eaten at others in the past and enjoyed my experience. Went there for dinner last night with the family. First of all, this restaurant was really loud, making it almost too difficult to talk to one another at our small table. Next, the service was really odd. The meals were brought out by different people, and each plate at different times, and none of the servers knew which table to go to. This appeared to not just be an isolated event as I watched this occur over and over all evening... Servers milling around with food going from table to table until they found their intended guests... Really strange. The food seemed marginal, not exciting. I had the fish tacos, my wife a steak, and my son the factory burger. For desert, I had the velvet cheese cake, and my son had a hot fudge sunday. Again... The deserts toured table to table before finding us. There was about a10-15 minute gap between the cheese cake and the sunday arriving... Sorry CCF of Marina Del Rey, but I don't think we will be back.
4 Very nice location.  Right on water. The food is really good. Price very reasonable. This is one of the first Cheescakes. It gets very busy in the summer being close to water
3.5 Food was decent but horrendously overpriced. We were placed underneath an air vent blowing freezing air the entire time. The waiter came by the table only once outside of taking our order and giving us the check. I was not given a refill the entire two hours we spent waiting for our food. The restaurant forgot part if our order but since the waiter was absent for the entire duration of our meal, there was nobody to tell about this. When the check finally rolled around, we were able to tell the waiter that they forgot part of our meal. He tried to weasel out of it and say that he could bring it back out to us, but by that time we were all finished eating and had no desire to stay any longer in the frigid conditions that we were placed in. He refused to remove the part that he forgot from the check and had to call his manager, whom which offered a measly piece of cheesecake as compensation. When we got the piece of cheesecake it was visually tampered with (i.e. somebody licked it), but by this time we just decided to cut our losses and leave that place.
3.5 The worst restaurant I have ever been. While we enjoyed our desert, the restaurant manager came over and asked us when will we leave.  regardless how sugar coating his language is, he was clear that he wanted us to leave.  No restaurant should ask their guests to leave. It was the most rude, poor hospitality and with utmost contempt to guests.  Not to mention the food was sort of okay.
4 I wonder why you cannot find prices on their online menu. Picked up food to go - seemed high $ but I'll never know for sure if I got ripped off or not. Wish they would have included the dipping sauce with the Vietnamese Spring Rolls!  The sauce makes these rolls.
1 My parents were in town and wanted to go here.  Of course, we didn't make a reservation.  Our bad.  But we had no idea it would be a near 2 hour wait!  That wasn't the real problem though.  It was the rude hostesses that talked to my parents like they were 5 year olds.  When my mom asked "how long is the wait now?", she gave us her best self-aggrandizing attitude and replied "well, I told you it was an hour and a half a half hour ago, so what do you think?"  And then she walked away.  Lady, it's not our fault you hate your life.  It's your job to approach customers with kindness and sympathy.  Beyond that, when we sat at the bar to get some drinks and appetizers while we were waiting it took a good 20 minutes before anyone even approached us so we could order.  I would comment on the food but I have no memory of it...couldn't have been great.
5 YES, I was having a great day before I walked into the Cheesecake Factory!!!! On Sunday July 17, 2016, my girlfriend , her mother and I went to the Cheesecke Factory. We were there at 7:15. We were told it would be a 40 minute wait for seating, however, we didn`t sit till an hour later. We were understanding because it was a Sunday night and that is one of their busiest days. My girlfriends mother uses a walker and when we were escorted to our CORNER, we asked if we could sit 2 spots away from us where the seats were available to acomodate the 3 of us. ( Please be aware that she has a fold away walker and not a wheelchair.) The person said no, we need to sit at the corner. At this point, the 3 of us felt we were discriminated especially because nobody sat at the other table for another 10 minutes later. So it was available. Yes, the table was clean and ready for customers to sit, we checked. After sitting at the table which was really cramped up, we felt very uncomfortable. Example, there were unopened unbrella posts and round umbrella basses which were disallowing my girlfriend to sit comfortably. I asked for the manager, he pulled the table back a few inches. This really did not solve the issue. The right thing to do was to , even if we needed to wait a few moments, was to change tables. Manager did not do his job. After UNCOMFORTABLY sitting, we ordered food and instead of trying to make us feel better the manager brought out bread and 3 little packets of butter. THAT IS JUST GREAT, WE ALL GOT 1 EACH. SO GENEROUS!!!!!!  Anyhow, moving right along, I go to Cheesecake Factory in other locations and always get the eggplant parm and all waitresses and waiters till now ask me if I want cheese on it. My waiter did not and this was not an issue for me at all. The issue here is, instead of making things better it got worse. I asked him for the grated cheese and he said he`ll get it. I turned over to my girlfried and said to her "I BET YOU HE`LL EITHER FORGET OR BRING IT WHEN I`M DONE WITH MY FOOD". Guess what.... I WON THE BET!!!! When I was down to my 1/4 piece of eggplant out of the 5 or 6 pieces they give you, he showed up. I looked at him and i said "TELL ME YOUR JOKING"!!!!!! Anyway, I will never go back again, ruined my night. By the way, he forgot my cheese....and I forgot his tip !!!!          .HORRIBLE SERVICE   Make sure Cory is not your waiter and Jonathan is good for nothing!!!!!!!!
2 The Marina del Rey Cheesecake Factory experience worst I've ever been to. We were seated outside when we were PROMISED to be seat inside and our party of 10 was split into two tables while we were seated celebrating a birthday. When we put our names down the manger Justin Hada, brushed and ignored us- his customers. Justin Hada, the manager, was being very argumentative because he wasn't able to thoroughly explain where and how he was seating us. When I called the general manger- Mark Beaver II- a couple days later Monday, January 22, 2018 at 4 pm, the person that answered the phone seemed to ignore my request and play as if my request was unimportant. I asked when will the general manager be in she said "I don't know, bye". The waitress gave my child an annoyed looked when she asked for ranch with her food. My family and I have been coming to this Cheesecake Factory for over 10 years, and these last two consecutive times we have been treated rudely and disrespectfully. I am very disappointed with the people and environment of this restaurant.
1 2 stars. Here's an explanation:The restaurant itself:A warm welcome by the staff, a swift and cheerful escort to our table - which, by the way, was outside, with water- and full moon views, and a very cozy atmosphere. All staff was vibrant and pleasant. Our waiter, was very kind - not because he was trying to score a tip(because he didn't over-play it), he was just simply a nice guy. The food was great, we ordered a variety of dishes, which span from a simple chicken dish, up to a garlic roasted prawn dish. We were 5 people dining, and all 5 of us had a really good experience with the food. I can only give my best recommendations. So why only two stars?Our night was utterly ruined, by a greedy parking officer. We arrived at the destination around 6.45PM. We parked at a parking lot which specifically stated: "ONLY FOR DRY CLEANER". I went inside the shop, to ask the dry cleaner, if it was alright for us to park there, and if any fees were required to be paid. She said, quoting: "Usually, until 7PM you cannot park right outside. After 7Pm you can. I know it's not 7PM yet, but go ahead and park, it is nice that you at least ask. No one does that". So we parked, and went inside. Once we were done dining, we went out to the car, only for a parking officer to run chasing after us, and saying we had to pay $5 for parking. We told him, that we had asked inside the Dry Cleaner shop for parking, and that we were not confronted about payment when we arrived. He continuously claimed that we must pay parking. He claimed that the space didn't belong to the dry cleaner, and that the space belonged to the parking agency he worked for, and they are the ones who decide regarding the parking fees. Furthermore, we told him, that there were no signs where we parked, that specified and confirmed his claims regarding payment. Then he said that every valet parking costs money - funny thing, here comes the knee-slapper, we DID NOT VALET PARK! At this point this was just getting ridiculous, and it just clearly seemed that greed was the motivating factor. The manager of The Cheesecake Factory came out, and sorted things out. Now, was it worth getting upset for $5? Yes. The Price could have been $1, it wouldn't had made a difference. The perception was that we were scammed. And that's what matters.
3 Very busy place, loads of seating, but only two stalls in the ladies room (with a long waiting line).  Our waitress was more concerned with the birthday party at the next table.  I had the Pear and Bleu Cheese Flatbread.  Three pieces of pear on the entire thing, and only on three of the five pieces of pizza.  Waitress didn't ask if we wanted drink refills, I had to ask for more iced tea.  No offer of a glass of water.  Don't think I'll come back to this one!
3 WOULD GIVE 0 STARS IF I COULD me and my family went here on a Sunday night and ended up spend 4 hours there not because we wanted to but because the survive was TERRIBLE  the wait was 2 hours so we decide to go to the bar to order appetizers after waiting an hour for anyone to even talk to us they made a lame excuse that they thought we were just waiting for a table when we said we were going to order drinks and appetizers finally we got seated and the service down there was terrible we waited 30 minutes to order and an hour and 15 for our food to come out. My mother ordered salmon that was terribly dry there were limited lights so we could not even  see our food and when we asked to turn the heat lamp on they told us it was broken after complaining to the manager and finding out the the HEAT LAMP DID WORK BUT NO ONE BOTHERED TO TURN IT ON my mothers went to the bathroom and over heard the waiter BRAGGING to the bartender about how he treated customers badly after talking to two managers extensively they did not even bother to compensate any of our meal  would not go back ever again very disappointed.
4 like all cheesecake factories this one has dependable food, good atmosphere, huge portions, and is the place to go for a dependable meal where you know exactly what you are going to get.  of course, their cheesecake is awesome.the reason y i rated this place so low was bcuz of the manager quinne.  This guy was the biggest idiot in the world.  he did not know how to handle customers at all and when there was a complaint he would just stand there like an idiot and just say..."i dont know what to tell you".
2 Went to dinner with friends last Friday evening.  Waited over an hour after ordering and the no food ever arrived.  The waitress informed us that they have a new computer system that failed to submit our order.  When the food finally did arrive, the order was wrong and my food tasted like it was frozen rather than fresh and had been warmed up in a microwave.  I have never had this experience at other Cheesecake Factory restaurants.  Needless to say, will never come back!
4 Had a good time here with friends today. Service was just ok. I had an appetizer that was delicious cant recall the name. Overall experience was good.
5 It's not all it's cracked up to be.  Food tastes like it's the usual chain-restaurant mass produced meals.   It's good for chain food but there are soooo many better places you can go for the money.  They also don't take reservations so if you hit it at the wrong time the wait is abysmal.
4 WILL NOT BE COMING BACK. First you have to PAY to park in the lot, okay whatever , it's stupid but it's like $4.50 or whatever, I'll pay. Then I sit down, the server was SO rude from the beginning. (And I NEVER complain about service). She asked me if she could get anything for me and I asked for sauce for my dry chicken. She half rolled her eyes at me and told me it would take five minutes to make. I said, "I don't mind" and she said "well it's going to take a while so you'll have to wait," In a rude manner. WHATTT???? Even my friend saw the situation and thought it was rude. We didn't say anything. 10 minutes pass and no sauce. I ask her again. She says "she's busy and she will get to it." No sauce, another 10 minutes, I ask again and she says it's coming out. I KID YOU NOT. My friend was there she saw the whole thing as well. Okay, the manager comes over and asks our table if we need anything. I ask for the sauce, told him I never got it after asking multiple times. He says he will personally get it. 10 minutes pass. No sauce. By this point I'm laughing, so shocked the manager can't even care. I ask a random sweet server for the manager and about my sauce. She goes to THE MANAGER and asks for sauce, he tells her to go back to me and say he forgot and he's getting the sauce. He didn't even come over and apologize, by this time I gave up and was leaving. I didn't even get to eat my food because it was dry and no sauce. As I'm walking away the random server I pulled aside earlier who was nice, came as I was walking away with the sauce.  If it was just my first time at Cheesecake Factory, whatever, but this is my THIRD TIME and EVERY time I've had horrible service. (Once was on my bday and the server made me cry.) Wow. Done.
4 ya know,, for some reason this place reminds me how good the other "cakes" are. the first time i went here with my now wife, we waited for 2+hours and then just as we got seated the manager came out to tell us the ovens broke and they had no hot food. but after that every time i go here its just a let down,, until we eat. this location is always PACKED !!!  we always wait at least 1-2 hours, but the thing that kills me is, the bar here is real small, but they have this downstairs bar area that has a fire pit. it nice, but we never ever get any service out there. way under staffed. in fact we were sitting around this fire pit with about 10 others and they all said the same thing, "does anyone work here?" , everyone had to go get their own drinks. But the weird part is they have a bar downstairs, its just empty, not staffed or stocked. so the entire place has to wait for this one small bar to serve them. i know its a problem because when we got our table and ordered drinks and food, our food came before our drinks.  but other than that the food was good, and the out side seating is nice at night or day. You will get the same great food you get at any cheesecake factory. my suggestion would be to go to another location, you will be better off.
4 I love this restaurant and its location. Never had a bad experience and the food is always great. Not a big fan of the valet parking, but I can overlook that since the cheesecake is "oh, so delicious!"
4 so let me tell ya I am a super duper big fan of the CCF, everything I've had here has been delish & i have never been disappointed here, the view is lovely I brought my friend this past weekend to celebrate a her new home, We had the Avocado rolls, the buffalo boneless wings & I had Georgia peach & a lemon drop , & she had 2 Cadillac margaritas, I had the seared ahi tuna salad & she had the chicken pasta, all our items were scrumptious & the drinks were strong just the way we like them, Our server was very attentive, kept coming to our table to check if we needed anything. we didn't have to wait long it was a little bit past lunch hour & we asked for a table on the patio, parking is VALET but its not expensive like $4-5, it was a beautiful day, oh & of course dessert to go :red velvet Cheesecake:: yummy..
4 My experience at this Cheesecake Factory was so great that I had to write my first yelp! It started off really awful because I was misinformed on how long it would take our party of 30 to be seated for my fiancé's birthday dinner (I tried making reservations earlier in the week but they don't take reservations on weekends). I had been told that if I got there at 530p ahead of the party, that we could be seated at 7p when the rest of the party was to arrive.  When I got there around 550p I was told differently. The manager, Chris, came over to me and explained the situation. Even though he couldn't change the amount of time it would take to be seated inside the restaurant (2 hours from the moment the whole party had arrived! Since guest were to arrive at 7, that meant 9p!) he did offer a solution. He was able to open up a space on the water called the beachfront seating. He lit up the firepit, opened the side curtains of a big booth, and turned on the heat lamps to make the area more inviting as it was currently not being used due to the season (fall is upon us). When the guests arrived at 7p everyone was pleasantly surprised with the pretty view on the water. We didn't have a waiter and had to order our food at the bar or to go (which we then took outside to eat) but everyone had somewhere to sit and food to eat. Chris was very attentive throughout the night making sure we were taken care of. The manager also came out himself and sang the birthday boy happy birthday!
2.5 this place is pretty nice - it's located on the harbor with this man made beach so props on ambiance. the service is fine - we had this long haired skinny fella and he was very attentive and always spot on with water and bread.the food is ok... my friend liked her chicken piccata but my dish sorta tasted like it was left under the heap lamp a tad bit too long... it had that dry chewy taste.all in all a good place to grab a bite.
4 OK, it's Cheesecake Factory.  You know why you're going there, right?  So, if you're going to go to a CCF, then this one is a nice one to go to because: it's right on the water and the patio is huge and there is a public lot right next to the restaurant that's cheap and easier to get in and out of.  The last time I was there, a man had a hissy fit as he was dropping off his car for lunch.  Not a great way to start a meal.
3.5 Last night was probably the most horrific experience that I have ever had at this restaurant. After getting done enjoying my dinner and getting ready to leave I was in a panic when I discovered that my purse was missing. I literally placed it hanging on my chair while sitting there enjoying my dinner. I did not leave the table once and yet my purse was still snachted from me. The only people walking by our table was the staff members. Our server was as helpful as she could be. I was extremely upset that this could happen. Fortunately, I was able to use the track my iPhone app on my boyfriends phone. Which showed that it was in the restaurant.  I was walking around the restaurant for about an hour and half. When I stated to one of the managers that it was located in the restaurant he was very uninterested.  I also asked if there was a higher manager then him which he informed there wasn't. That wasn't the truth at all I found out shortly later. I requested the manager to call the local police authority which he did not. This mangager was refusing to be helpful in this whole situation.  Then the general manager Steven came over to talk to us he was more then helpful. He actually walked around for about 30 mins with us trying to track my phone that was located in my missing purse. And what do you know all of sudden it was turned in. I couldn't believe it. I was happy when my server found it and brought it back to me. But after all that someone finally turned it in. But of course all the cash that was in my purse was gone. I had about $60-70 cash in it. I can't help but think an employee finally decided to turn it after they took the cash out. I really think one of the employees at the restaurant actually stole my purse and took the cash. They must have gotten nervous when I asked for the police to be contacted. I can't believe after such an awful experience that my dinner was not refunded. I am completely appalled by this whole situation. I can no longer continue to be a paying patron here. I feel completely taken advantage of after being ripped off by an employee. The whole situation was just a shady experience. I was a regular customer that would attend here at least twice a month. I will no longer continue to do business with the restaurant. I have never felt more taken advantage of. I would have liked to watch the security camera myself. Ladies I recommend that if you go here hold on to your purses  the staff members have some sticky fingers.
3.5 So a few weeks ago I went there for dinner with my wife, and when you get there you HAVE to valet your car...there's no alternative, you can't park your car on your own. While the food and the service wasn't too bad, and I tipped the waiter with all the cash in my wallet (like $15), we were leaving and the valet says it'll be $4.50...Now i was assuming since there's no alternative parking, it was on a tip basis. So I hand him my credit card and he says "we don't accept card". Keep in mind there's absolutely no sign of any kind to warn you to have some cash in your pocket upon leaving the establishment. In other words there's no warning that you are going to have to pay the valet CASH ONLY.  I asked him if that will be alright if I drive to the nearest ATM  to get some cash, and he said that they can't release my car and that I can walk down this dark crazy looking alley and there is an ATM there...Eventually I had him hold on to my ID while I drove to the ATM, at which point if he was going to refuse that I would flip out... Anyhow, this is nothing more than a little bullshit valet scam, I mean its the 21 century and they expect everyone to have some cash in their pocket without even a mere warning....NEVER going back until they get rid of that bullshit valet ordeal.
4 This is one of The Cheesecake Factory's original locations, and it runs like a well-oiled machine. I visit about once every 1-2 weeks and usually get my food "to-go". I get take out from various restaurants most every night of the week, so I am somewhat of an authority on restaurant take-out. The Cheesecake Factory MDR hands-down runs the best take-out operation I have seen anywhere. No matter how busy the restaurant is, and no matter what I order, they food is always ready on time. They can turn out almost anything in 15 minutes or less. So many restaurants completely drop the ball on take-out when they are busy, but not The Cheesecake Factory. The food is also well-packaged, and I have never had a problem with order accuracy. They also have four or five dedicated take-out parking spaces which makes it super-easy to get in and out. I wish more restaurants had take-out operations that rivaled that of The Cheesecake Factory MRD.
1 Keep a low cal , lite season entrée and I cannot wait for you to open local in SM Place!  :- )
4 The food is Ok. Steak is over priced... However, I give it FOUR stars because of the atmosphere. You can sit outside, which is would recommend on any sunny. This is the reason to eat there... There are some pigeon that walk aorund under the tables and adds to eating outside. They don't interfer with you while your eating;)
4 What can I say this is the best place ever to eat desert. It was nice because me and my wife could enjoy eating and talking and my 4 year old nephew had something also to do since it was right on mothers beach there was so much space for him to run and play and there was this little playground right behind the Cheesecake Factory for him to play. Hands down this place has the best tasting cakes ever. I am definitely coming here again!!
4 ohh shit I didn't make it on time to my reservation and I didn't get priority on the next table
1 HORRIBLE SERVICE!!!! Will NEVER eat at this particular establishment again!!!! Had to send my steak back TWICE!!! And it never came out hot!!!! Don't waste your time at this one. There are more than enough other Cheesecake Factories for you to visit in the area. Save yourself the trouble because this one is AWFUL!!!!!
2 This is my favorite Cheesecake Factory by far. The food is amazing, the service is beautifully organized and the view and ambiance is spectacular. Totally recommend this to everyone. Enjoy :)
4.2 First time at the LA Farmer's market and this spot stood out so we had to try! I'm a huge fan of cajun/creole food and have been to Louisiana and loved it there, so I was pretty excited about this spot. Service was friendly. I got their seafood gumbo and in my opinion had a hard time eating it. The seafood they use is pretty cheap, the shrimps were tiny and mushy and I think it had some fish in it...The gumbo came with cornbread which was a little dry and a choice of side (I went with the collard greens- which was honestly the best thing). My parents had some sort of sweet potato chip salad but the potatoes were raw, so they weren't a fan.
4.2 Gumbo Pot delivers as-authentic-as-California-can-get cajun/creole food. Love their jambalaya, corn muffins, and beignets. Just wish they served beer and hurricanes!
3 Had an event at Lacma and decided to come here for a gumbo bowl.Decent size of food.Love the sausage. I have to say I love the collard green in the rice and red beans so so much. Tasty and not too soft.My dish with the extra red bean and rice comes to $21.+3.99% credit card fee and tip it's closer to $25It's nice around and has plenty of seat.The food took a while to be ready but staff were nice.
4 I don't understand why there are negative reviews. I've been coming to the Gumbo Pot as long as I've lived in L.A., which has been for over 30 years. I have fond memories, such as meeting Frank Black from the Pixies back in the 90s. Fast forward to today, I come here every New Year's Day with my son and his dad, to have the first meal of the year. We have the red beans and rice, which has ham and andouille sausage, because that way we have a "fat" year as far as money goes. It's just a little superstition thing we do. It's always so delicious, especially with the cornbread, which I order an extra one, instead of a side salad. Service has always been just fine as far as I can remember and the bustle of the Farmer's Market is always fun. You must like crowds, but if you go before noon on the weekend, you will have an easier time finding a table.
4 Nice server but the food is okay. I wouldn't recommend the sweet potato salad as it's kind of like grocery store coleslaw. Cornbread was dry and not very corny. The seafood gumbo honestly tasted like tomato bean chili with overcooked shrimp. For $17, I would eat elsewhere.
5 I loved this place! Came here for a quick shopping break and was craving some Southern food. Came across this place and it looked so good so we decided to order it. The Gumbo Ya Ya was the cashier's fave so we decided to try it out, and it was so good! It was really flavorful and had many different types of protein. The side of collard greens was also tasty and went well with the gumbo. I would definitely recommend if you're craving some hearty Southern food.
3 I'm giving 1 star for the fact the po boy was big and employees were nice. But the food was such a disappointment. The seafood gumbo had no taste and lacked spice. Gumbo should be bland. I jad the catfish poboy, and my daughter had the crawfish poboy. The sandwiches are enormous, BUT they aren't good, and I was hungry, so it should have been good since I was close to starving. They are just big. My catfish was hot, and that's all I can say about it. The sandwich had more bread than meat, and the bread wouldn't be my first choice. I had to go and ask for hot sauce to try to give the sandwich flavor. Definitely not even close to New Orleans flavor or taste. I don't know if I went at a bad time, but it's shame on me for not checking Yelp before choosing this place. Again, I was hungry and made a bad choice.
5 Wanted some Louisiana flavor and decided to give this spot a try. Although not the best I would not writing off completely. My chicken po-boy was not great. It was ki d of dry and lacking fresh authentic flavor. I think I would opt for something else the next time around. Service matched the food..just okay and the plus is they had heaters I. The outdoor seating areas.
1 The gumbo and jambalaya was delightful here. It was a busy stall but still had very attentive staff that was extremely courteous and helpful. The cornbread was amazing and I would definitely come back for the jambalaya any day of the week. Self seating around the market and I believe they validate parking if you park on the farmer's market side. Otherwise, at the Grove, it's $5/hour for the first 3 hours.
3 Quick service, good food. In the heart of the Original Farmer's Market. Great atmosphere, great weather. Lots of flavor in the seafood gumbo.
5 For this one I give this spot a 3 star and that's because the beignets were very good. That catfish po boy was okay, no flavor to it, the bread to fish ration could have been better.
5 Okay so I get it, it's the original farmers market, I knew the prices weren't going to be reasonable, but this place up charges like crazy. I ordered a few different sides: the gumbo, hushpuppies, and cornbread. Everything was pretty mediocre and what I expected, but the gumbo portion was really small even for the actual meal ones. My parents got the meal gumbos and it was almost the same size as the one pictured here, and it wasn't that crazy of quality either. Honestly, I think it's time we leave the original farmers market just to the tourists :(
3.5 A staple in the heart of LA's Farmer's Market. I've been coming to this place for many years and in all of my visits, taste is consistent and hearty. My favorite dish would have to be the Jambalaya with a side of jalapeño cornbread. This dish has generous portions of what you find in an authentic  American Creole and Cajun rice dish, well-balanced with meat, rice, beans, and veggies. I also love their Catfish Po'Boy. Lightly fried and flaky protein with lemon garnish. This really hits the spot and will leave you wanting more. Also, please make sure to try their fresh oyster on a half shell. They give you this their own rendition of a cocktail sauce that is so delicious! Unfortunately, they were all out this day but when they do have them, you can watch as they shuck them open for your belly. If you have time, explore this area. A lot of amazing shops and a nice, diverse group of people, all enjoying authentic foods from around the world.
4 Loved this place. I have a close friend who lived in New Orleans for a while and we wanted to go here to give him a taste of NOLA food. It did not disappoint. He got the gator filet and I got the crawfish tail po'boy, both were fried to perfection and so tender. Their white sauce was perfectly creamy & tangy as well. We also tried the lemonade which was amazing, and I'd recommend the hot sauce if you like spicy. My girlfriend got the jambalaya which was good but not amazing, a bit too tomato-y but still didn't take away from how good the place was. I always love going to the farmers market and being surrounded by all kinds of people having a good time. I'd highly recommend!
4 Missing Jackson Square during the Winter Time when it gets completely white from snow...Missing the Grape Cocktail from Lafitte's!Missing New Orleans...?!Stop Grab a Mixed Oyster Clam Shrimp Po Boy!!!I'm BACK BABYThe mustard potato salad pairs nicely... maybe a Stella from across the way...Who needs Mardi Gras!?We're at the Grove...Let the people watching begin...
3 Came at 5pm on a Saturday night There was only one person ahead of meOrdered the shrimp po boy and red beans and rice Food came out quickly About $16.50 per item Po boy felt like more bread than what was inside it and had a little too much lettuce. If you're not getting shrimp in each bite it's a problem. Kind of a sad little sandwich. Shrimp ain't de-veined Red beans and rice could use a little seasoning definitely ask for hot sauce Plenty of seating outside Cornbread was star of the show
4 I've been coming to The Gumbo Pot since I was a kid but I never realized how great this place is until I learned a little bit about the history of Gumbo. (America's National Soup)The history of Gumbo would not be possible without the cool calibration of many different kinds of people. Native Americans, including the Choctaw tribe contributed to the recipe for American Gumbo including adding sassafras as a thickener, African Americans brought okra to this Louisiana soup which is how Gumbo got its name, the word "gumbo" is based on an African word for okra.Like the country for whom Gumbo belongs, it's the contribution of so many kinds of people that makes it great.Decades ago, the Original Farmers Market was home to a little beer garden where old men played Chess together. They traded amazing refuge and survivor stories even holocaust survival stories back then. (#home of the brave) The Gumbo Pot was a favorite of theirs and I remember there was a really inexpensive special which everyone appreciated. Cheers to the OG crew who knew long before most of us how important it is to support a black-owned and family owned-business.:)I came revisited this location of The Gumbo Pot on one of the sunniest days of all time. Even the sky was filled with signs, music and magic. Literally!I ordered a few things and everything was excellent. The Gumbo Ya Ya was perfectly balanced, well-seasoned and flavorful. Each bite had a little bit of everything like andouille sausage, okra, slow-cooked veggies and chicken. It was so good I almost cried. One hundred stars. I need to do a little more research on American Gumbo before this review will be complete. Consider going out on a sunny day and treating yourself to a bowl of Gumbo at The Gumbo Pot. This place has a long beautiful history!
4.5 A pretty good po boy but I've had better. I felt it was missing some flavor, maybe some spice? The staff were nice and were able to get our food in a timely manner. It was a bit overpriced but that's the price you pay for being at The Grove. It is located in the farmers market so it can be hard to find seating but there is additional seating on the second floor. Since it is at the Grove, the parking garage is very expensive so make sure to find somewhere to get your parking ticket validated or find street parking.
3.5 Best tasting tender, fried alligator, which we got with a side of perfectly cooked collard greens. The alligator was served in a generous portion with many pieces, with a small cup of dipping sauce that was the perfect flavor. The alligator is our favorite dish here and we order it every time we come. We also ate the seafood gumbo which you can choose small or large size. It was served with rice and lots of seafood, piping hot. We chose a side of salad for the gumbo but you can choose from a variety of other sides. Each dish we got usually comes with a corn bread muffin that is moist and lightly sweet. Lots of tables here at the Farmers Market to sit at, in a nice relaxing atmosphere. We love it here. Prices are very reasonable. If you use cash, you get a 5% discount. If you use a credit card, they add the credit card fee percentage, which they indicate on a sign at the counter. We will keep coming back to The Gumbo Pot. Thank you.
4 It's going to be a no for me. The catfish had no flavor but at least it wasn't overcooked. The gator gumbo was also a huge disappointment. It tasted like minestrone and I didn't get a single piece of gator, only 3 small shrimps and some sausage. Also the rice they serve with the gumbo is similar to uncle Ben's or something. I don't know but I wasn't a fan of any of it
4.5 Solid meal. Cornbread a little dry buts its okay. Alligator plate with Cornbread, Collard greens, Jambalaya and warm chewy Beignets.
4 For the price, I really don't think the food was worth it. My partner treated us, and we figured with it being Mardi Gras that we should have something from New Orleans. For the price, I think the food is okay. Nothing spectacular. Not bad but not something to write home about.
4 I don't know about the experience of other reviewers, but my wife and I have been eating here for 37 years. The food here is constantly wonderful!!! The blackened salmon I had today was perfect! The Po boys, and I've had both the blackened salmon and the mixed po boys, are wonderful! The gumbos are all delicious!¡ Ignore the other reviews and treat yourself to the best New Orleans food I've eaten, besides New Orleans!!! This place is an absolute treasure that my wife and I will make the trek from the valley to enjoy!!!
4.5 You don't have to travel to New Orleans if you are getting a craving. The food is pretty on point although it's still Missing a bit of depth. But it is nothing too drastic to forsake this place for if u have a palate for Jambalaya, etoufee,  chicory coffee, beignets. The price is pretty darn outrageous for a small cup of coffee costing about six dollars. I asked for a larger cup and to my surprise is a standard six dollar cup that was so small!! It's almost like a Southwest Airlines coffee which by the way serves Chicory Community Coffee in a same size cup. A little Food for thought. This is a family owned the place which I had no idea about. The beignets was not a pillowy and soft as I like. I had it when completely piping hot so I can't say it flattened up over time. It is really hard and crispy on the outside and flat inside. I Do love that smothered it up in the snow of powdered sugar. That sugar is perfect for my coffee. And there you have it! A simple NOLA breakfast. Sweet with a side of high.
4.2 Came over to Gumbo Pot for some sweets after trying the amazing pasta at pasta corner, and I was met with a very rude attitude. I greeted the gentleman taking orders and he just stared at me. I greeted him a second time and honestly I'll just say he's intentionally rude bc he just looked at me with a weird disgusted look. My boyfriend bought a water and this same guy didn't even hand it to him he laid it sideways and shouted at us from the other side of the counter. RUDE and honestly was giving racist. Anyhow the beignets were mid and takes like yeast with powdered sugar. I will not come back if I see this guy.
4.2 I really enjoyed it, would have love to go five stars but the jambalaya, which was great, could have had more bite.  The guy at the counter was awesome, really enjoyed talking to him about the alligator gumbo-I so regret not getting that too. I will never be in LA and not stop at the Farmers Market. I will never stop at the Farmer's Market in LA and not stop at The Gumbo Pot. I wish my grandson was with me, we would have gone through the whole menu-he's 15 and the boy can eat.
3 Every time my boyfriend and I come to the grove this is our go-to spot! I love how they have vegetarian greens and shrimp & chicken jambalaya! Options for most dietary needs. Everything is so fresh and flavorful, plus the food always comes out nice and hot!
3 Located within the Farmers Market by the Grove. They have several tables in front of their stand. When you're done eating, just leave your trays there. Someone will clean up after you. They have an extensive menu written on chalkboard above the kitchen. Get the gumbo. Pass on the Jambalaya. The corn bread is baked like cupcakes with the cupcake cups, but it's tasty.  For sides, get the pecan salad. Don't get the potato salad. I wouldn't come back to the Farmer's Market just for this, but I wouldn't be opposed to eating the gumbo again. Parking at the Farmer's Market is tough to find. You can park in the Grove structure and walk here.
4 Gumbo Pot is delicious. Quality food. Been going here for years. Shrimp po' boy is one of my favorites. I always take visitors here and they love it. Check it out!
5 Today wasn't my first time having the gumbo pot but it wasn't as good as it was the first time I had it either which is why I was eager to get it again.I ordered the blacken snapper and admittedly that was probably the wrong thing to order, previously I order the salmon and it was better. The two best parts of the meal were the sweet potato salad and corn bread. I ordered a side of jambalaya but it wasn't the greatest I'm sure if I had some extra seasoning it would have been delightful. I would try again but stick to what I know. The advantage to this place is no other place in the grove market is selling food similar to it.
5 Most of what my family ordered here were subpar.  Shrimp gumbo tasted stale.  Fried catfish was too greasy. Fried okra was pretty good though.
2 Not spicy but only shrimp inside the gumbo. Not sure why they call it seafood. Good portion size but needs more variety. Vegan collard greens were forgettable. Fast service. Plenty seating in farmers market. Validated parking
5 Haven't been to the Gumbo Pot for over 5 years, but it's still there and the food is still awesome. Maybe people need to try the mixed platter. I really don't get anything else and it's always great. And get the side of jambalaya!The cornbread is awesome and I really love the fried catfish.I didn't get a chance to get the creole potato salad, but that's definitely on my list for next time.
3 We were at the Grove Farmers Market since we had to make a couple of stops at some shops.  We thought about trying something a little different from where we usually go.  Decided on the Gumbo Pot.The food was ok.  If you want to try something different from the other places in the market.  Or if you fee like having some Cajun food.I wouldn't expect much though. Food was ok.  If you've had decent Cajun food or you've been to New Orleans then you'll be somewhat disappointed.We ordered the Gumbo Ya Ya which was lacked some more Cajun spices. It was a little bland and more soupy and tomato tasting.  The potato salad we chose as a side was slightly undercooked.  The best part of the dish was the cornbread muffin that came with it.We also ordered the Shrimp Po Boy sandwich.  The sandwich looked like it was a good size.  Definitely can be enough for two people.  But it was mostly bread and had probably only a dozen (if that) medium sized fried shrimp spread out the whole sandwich.They don't have a tablet/reader to hand the customers so they "ask" for tips and INPUT the amounts themselves. Out order came out to $29.84 and tipped $4.16 since I like round numbers. My credit card later showed that they charged me $1.33 over.  Now it's not that big of an amount but imagine if they did that to everyone since most people don't check that closely.  I won't bother having it corrected but I definitely won't go there again.
5 Mediocre at best. I wasn't impressed by the gator gumbo. Hardly any meat in it to call it gator gumbo. So sad too, I had such high hopes
1 We ordered Gumbo, greens and cornbread to accompany a Fat Tuesday celebration . Everything was delicious, seasoned just right and arrived via DoorDash. Happy to recommend for a Nawlins dinner!
3.5 I thought this was perfectly alright, and way better than the Yelp rating. The Gumbo Ya-Ya had plenty of flavor, not especially spicy but (and here is the secret, folks) real cajun food is actually not very spicy, the "heat is on the table" in the form of hot sauce. The cornbread and stewed greens on the side hit the spot too. Not super cheap, but not out of line for La Brea Farmer's market and it definitely hit the spot.
4 3 stars because the staff was SO nice. But the food ain't it. Sorry. Idk if it was an off day when I went last week but it just didn't impress me or the 4 friends I was with. It was just okay. Service and staff is great though!
4 Probably should have read reviews before I came here haha. Out of all the delicious food in the Farmer's Market. When you think of cajun food you think of lots of flavor and that was not delivered in my jambalaya unfortunately. Oh well - it was worth a try.
3 Honestly I tired this place for a second time the food was still horrible. The red beans had so much supposed to be pickle meat in it. It lack favor. The beignets was just grossed they taste like dough with powdered sugar on it. As a person fromNew Orleans living in La this place needs a overhaul. I'm definitely keep going to the other New Orleans food places.
4 If I could leave 0 starts I would. I tried this place today for the first time, and felt extremely sick 30 min after and had to leave work. I asked around to a couple of people that have tried Gumbo Pot and they warned me that they also suffered from a severe stomach ache after trying the food. When I went back to explain the matter to the manager on site, I stated very respectfully "I know it has nothing to do with you, I'm just sick and trying to see what can be done" and the attitude was through the roof. She had the audacity to tell me that she felt offended by my remarks. They got me sick, but they're the one offended? Make it make sense. I was very excited to try this spot, but the way my body is feeling at the moment is unbearable. I would've not write a review if the customer service was better, but it only made it worse. Definitely would not recommend if you have plans for the day, as you'll probably end up sick and on the toilet. A bummer, because the food tasted amazing.
4.5 The worst Po Boys I ever had in my life. I don't know how they can call this place authentic. The bread is soggie and too much proportionally with the oyster and shrimp. Can't even tell if there is any shrimp. It was just so bad. And I came during lunch hours so the food should be prepared well. I will never come back to this joint. Horrible food! I made the mistake to not check Yelp before. Don't make the same mistake. Trust Yelp reviews when they said it's 2 stars it's BAD
3.5 Pretty out of the place in the very far back of the farmers market, but the positive of that is that there is a lot of space to sit down and eat. The Gumbo is pretty good, but not cooked fresh as it has been sitting in cookers and laddled out to customers. The shortbread is just a costco muffin and the potato salad was bland and a chore to eat through. Honestly if we just got the gumbo itself it would be higher rated, but it was sold as a combination and the rest of the combo sucked. We got the Yaya Gumbo.
4 This place has a B grade for a reason, the only B grade in farmers market. I'll leave it at that. Only reason it's still open it's cuz of the tourists honestly lol.
4.5 Honestly I'm surprised this place has so many negative reviews. I actually really love and enjoy this place especially since there are hardly any Cajun restaurants in LA. I will say that there are lots of items that I haven't tried because I always stick to the basic items - red beans & rice and beignets. Those are absolutely delicious and you can never go wrong with the Louisiana staple. I've tried their jambalaya and gumbo before and it was pretty good and although I have had better, it's still nothing I would complain about. The only negative comment I would have to say is I've tried their seasonal bread pudding as well as their corn muffins and those items were a bit dry. But overall, I always drive over from the valley to get my cajun fix and I have been doing this for years!
4 Walked across the gumbo pot and so glad I did. Grabbed their jambalaya and OMG it was delicious! The serving size is generous where I wasn't even able to finish my bowl. The cornbread was a little over cooked but I ate it with my meal so it helped soften it up. The chocolate beignets were huge! Was able to finish 1 of the 3 but will get to eat them later as a snack.I will definitely be coming back !They validate parking for the farmers market parking :)
4 ABSOLUTELY NOT!!!! This was the worst! I am so pissed that I paid good money for this garbage! Believe every review that you read about the PO boy sandwich! I got the soft shell crab and it was burnt flavorless dry and YES IT ALSO HAD THE INFAMOUS LEMON on it!!! Terrible idea! Y'all should be ashamed of yourself and shut down! Come on now! The bread was dry and I had to get extra mayo to try to save it! That did not work ! The lemonaid is NOT fresh ...it's not even country time and it is $4! Poorest excuse for a PO boy that I have ever had! DO NOT EAT HERE! READ THE REVIEWS AND BELIEVE THEM!
4.5 Decent Cajun food for LA. I always stopped by every time I visited the Grove. Beignets are good. The soup-based dishes are ok. Had the blacked catfish one time and made me wish I didn't order it.
3.9 Food is so tasty u live a good gumbo and this place is great ! Good food and great service
4.2 Of all the places at The Grove, we opted on Good Friday to eat at The Gumbo Pot. I had the blackened catfish salad. Amazing! I would come back here again for the salad. It also comes with a small muffin size corn bread which was also good. I'd like to come back and try the other things in the menu. I also liked that the dressing had a little kick to it.
4 This place is just okay. I know it seems tempting to indulge since the stall always looks so big and inviting at the Farmer's Market but the prices are too steep for the amount of food you're getting and the quality of said food. Creole food is some of the best, most satisfying, savory, and delicious food in the world and this just doesn't really fit the bill enough for me - everything I've gotten has been average, unmemorable, and unsatisfying at best, leaving me wanting more (of something else). There's plenty of amazing food at the Farmer's Market and I'd say to go ahead and pass on this one.
3 I only ordered one item: beignets. To keep it brief they were horrible. They lacked flavor, sweetness, honestly i think I was served fried Pillsbury puff pastry topped with powdered sugar. Never again.
5 They've been here a long time. Located in Farmer's market, this place has the best tasting gumbo yaya, creole potatoes, and cornbread. The only reason I don't give them a higher rating is because the customer service has never been the most friendly, and sometimes their gumbo is not ready when I am. The gumbo yaya consists of shrimp, sausages, and okra. The creole potatoes have that tangy flavor that potato salads usually don't possess. The cornbread is flavorful, and not dry.  I always get their cafe au lait, which even tastes better than most others I've had, and that's just coffee and milk.
3 Looks much better than It taste. Honestly, I wanted to love this place. The corn beard was my favorite thing, both the red beans and greens some seasoned all in my opinion. They were bland. The shrimp come out good nothing to spectacular.
1 Smallest bowl of jambalaya consisted of rice and one piece of sausage cost me $16. I had a side of collard greens and a muffin sized cornbread.  Nothing extraordinary about the taste. It was not worth it, look somewhere else to eat.
4 While at The Farmers Market at The Grove we were tasting and trying lots of the different stalls. My friend ordered red rice and beans and cornbread. Both of us have been to New Orleans. I lived there for awhile many moons ago... Both of us have a sweet spot for Cajun as well as Creole foods. So we were excited to see The Gumbo Pot! She was disappointed. I tasted the cornbread it comes as a very small muffin but it was only 85 cents! It was very dry! I think because it is so small, and tastes like it was a few days old is the reason it's so dry. They may want to fix that?! Both of the ladies working were Incredibly friendly and nice! So 3 stars for them...
5 I wanted to try the fresh oysters but they were sold out. I went with a side of red beans and rice and overall I have to say it was very delicious! I haven't tried anything else here but I would be back and willing to try something else.
3 I wanted to like this place. I overlooked the low yelp review because I wanted it to be good but it was exactly like what all the bad reviews on yelp say. I had the po' boy and it was basically all bread, and hardly any shrimp at all. The pricing is so high for basically bread. I had the red beans and rice on the side, which were also very pricey and they were not good at all either. It lacked flavor. To top it off, we sat in the area in front of their place and I got attacked by mites. I was itchy for over 2 weeks and still have all the scars now. I'm counting about 30 bites, and I know it's not the restaurants issue, and more of a farmers market issue but beware! Avoid sitting in front of this spot. Try finding a different spot to sit with your food, in case you're like me and want to try it anyway.
5 As a preface, my family is Cajun. I'm from DFW area in Texas originally but living in MO at the moment. I haven't had Cajun food in ages except our family recipes and what I whip up myself. I had alligator's tail, collard greens, and cornbread. It was fantastic. I was nervous for the greens, but they were delicious, especially when I had the cornbread and greens at the same time. Seriously, if you're looking for a taste of home, eat here. It wasn't cheap, but it was a lot of food. It's near the back of the farmer's market, so the vibes were good and pretty calm. The man who took my order was very kind and gave me solid advice on the food. We even talked about my history with Cajun food lol. Come here!
3 The wait for the food was reasonable.I got the Etouffee and it was REALLY good! A great amount of shrimp and the spicy level was perfect. It had a nice kick. Just be careful not to burn your tongue! This came out super fresh (which I appreciate).The person I was with got seafood gumbo, but didn't get that many shrimp (it was more rice).The sweet potato chips were perfect! I kinda want to buy a whole bag lolOverall, would I go back?Yes, I plan to go back some time this summer. It was a really nice time.It is pricey tho. So be aware of that!I loved the food so much I thanked the cooks! Such sweet people
4.2 So so disappointing.  Was in the mood for a comforting meal to be delivered.  As soon as the containers for the gumbo were opened, all I saw was a thick layer of rice.  I was still hopeful but as I was scooping my portion, it was just rice.  It was bland with no seasoning and both the Gumbo Ya-Ya and Seafood Gumbo had minimal protein.  I was in disbelief.  Cornbread was very very dry.  Collard greens was the only decent item but nothing to rave about.Definitely do not recommend.  I regret not doing my yelping duties beforehand.
3.7 We were looking for something different and unique to try at the Farmer's Market and this place was perfect! A little on the pricey side but that is all the food in this complex so we went with it. At first I was going to order the salmon Po Boy sandwich and my husband was going to order the shrimp Po Boy but while waiting in line we say they were having a special item called 'Crawfish Pie' so we decided to split and order of that and the shrimp Po Boy. The food was ready at a good pace (still had to wait awhile but they were very busy and the wait wasn't really that long). It was a challenge to find a table in the shade but we managed! It helps to have one person hold a table while the other waits in line, if you even have that option.The Shrimp Po Boy was very good but it was a lot of bread and not so much of the shrimp. But I guess it would have even been more expensive if it had more seafood so I'll take what I can get. The crawfish pie was amazing!! One order is about nine bucks and you get 2 empanada sized pies so it is very easy to share an order. It was so flavorful I wish we ordered to pies instead of a Po Boy! Hopefully they keep that item on the menu because I would come back just for that!Remember to park in the Farmer's Market parking lot, not the Grove parking structure. We parked at the Grove and they wouldn't validate our parking. Live and learn. Fortunately we enjoyed our lunch and made it back to the car within the 1 hour free time limit so we didn't have to pay the $4 for an extra 30 minutes!
4 Located in the Farmer's Market area of the Grove. I'm baffled by the low rating and the less-than-complimentary reviews as I had a great meal here. MENU: Large with all New Orleans staples included. FOOD: Delicious. I had the fried gator and it was tasty. I got a side of jambalaya (chicken and shrimp) and it was flavorful and delicious. The cornbread (in muffin form) was awesome. Tried some of my boyfriend's crawfish étouffée and it was yummy although a bit too spicy for my personal taste. He also got a side of red beans and rice which was so good (wonderfully heavy on the beans). We shared some beignets for dessert and they were fantastic. SERVICE: Super friendly.
3 While the food was plentiful, taste wise it was not Cajun or Creole...and I say that as a born and raised Louisiana Cajun.   I broke my cardinal rule by not 1st asking who the cook was, and where did he learn to cook gumbo.  As soon as I smelled it, it was obvious there was NO roux.    Plus.the shrimp were tough, and I couldn't find a single piece of sausage. It was an. ....interesting ...flavor and for anyone not from Louisiana you might find it tasty.   But when you are yearning for the REAL thing...this wasn't it.  Guess I will just go home and make my own.
4 I have been eating here for years and I've always enjoyed my meals, ingredients have been fresh and good quality. Always had fine service. I love going to the farmers market and I often grab some gumbo or red beans/rice. It's not cheap. IMHO it's far from the best southern food in LA but it's always good. We enjoyed our food today. I was glad to see they survived the pandemic because I know the market got hit quite hard.
4.5 Tried something new at the grove farmers market. Ordered the Po-Boy and Muffuletta. The Po-Boy was unappealing with a large lemon and barely any shrimp. The muffuletta was super dry and the bread felt old. Disappointed in the overall experience.
4 The Gumbo Pot did NOT hit the spot ‼ I ordered the the snapper Po Boy and it tasted awful in flavor/ fish seemed old / seasoning was blackened(worst flavor ever). The mustard potato salad was a bit better, but tasted only like celery seed and mustard.  I couldn't even finish and left hungry / nauseous - $20 thrown away. *see leftovers to throw away*
3.5 Passed by here and decided to give the gumbo a shot. What a mistake that was. We ordered the seafood gumbo with collard greens and cornbread.The gumbo is definitely not even a gumbo...it tastes EXACTLY like they opened a can of Campbell's soup and served it to us mixed with a spoonful of instant rice. What a scam.Cornbread was suuuuper dry but tasted surprisingly good. Collard greens redeemed the experience a bit but not by much.Would not recommend.
4.5 It has been years since I visited the Farmer's Market and I was so happy to see my favorite market stall had made it through the dark times of Covid. I was greated by the happy faces I had longed for and ordered up a big bowl of soul satisfying Jambalaya and a side of fried okra to boot. Along with my Jambalaya I was given a cornbread muffin and a choice of sides, in which I choose the mustard potato salad. My Jambalaya was exactly how I remembered it, smooth and silky with all that bright and slightly spicy tomato flavor, the rice cooked perfect with each grain playing off the tomatoes like a fine piece of zydeco music. My okra was also perfectly cooked and crispy. My only miss this day would be the cornbread muffin which was completely dry but flavorful and the potato salad which needed more mayo to keep it together. But overall it was like seeing an old friend from years ago, and that is always a time of Joy, Aloha
4 Food is decent. Oysters have extremely too much batter . I've never seen tomatoes in greens? That's new... couldn't eat the red beans ñ rice without hot sauce . The jambalaya was terrible . A waste of $32 .
4 I'd give them zero if I could. I've never had food that tasteless in my life. My "seafood gumbo" had 5 salad shrimp in it, no chicken, no sausage, nothing else. There was no okra in the gumbo, instead they chose to replace it with celery. The jambalaya was just tomato sauce and rice. None of the food had salt or seasoning on it, and they are trying to pass it as "New Orleans". The greens had tomatoes in it as well, really weird for New Orleans cuisine. I could have found better jambalaya and gumbo in the freezer section at the grocery store. Do not waste your money here.
4 I should have listened to the reviews. I ordered the fried oyster plate with collard greens to go. First I take issue with any establishment trying to nickel and dime me asking for a tip when I'm ordering food "TO GO". This was a verbal ask. Tips are based on in-dining experience and service! Second, the elderly gentleman wearing slightly yellow stained clear plastic gloves took my card to pay for my order, but then in doing the prep for my order took one glove off to pick up my cornbread with his bare hand (were his hands washed?) and placed it on the to go container. So had already made a mental note...not eating that.  My plate didn't take too long, I'll give them that, and I opened with high hopes for the oysters, but alas! They were bland. No seasoning whatsoever. Zero salt or any seasoning whatsoever...can I get some old bay in the batter please? Opened up my greens container and saw little pieces of what looked like tomatoes.  In all my years of eating collards I've never seen them cooked with tomatoes. There's a reason why...the flavors don't mesh well. It was like eating stewed collard greens. After 1 bite had to throw the entire thing away. They need an authentic chef that understands creole/Louisiana flavors. This place is just not it unfortunately. Almost $20 down the drain. This taught me a valuable lesson: when the reviews are overwhelmingly subpar listen to yelpers!
3.9 Tried the shrimp etouffee and it was not good...was very watery and lacked any flavor or depth. The beignets were also bad...way over fried and very doughy.
4.2 Dreadful experience.  To begin I ordered shrimp etouffee and was served shrimp in a gumbo like consistency covered in chopped stewed collard greens.  This was dreadful.  I pointed it out to the guys running the place and they just kept telling me it's etouffee and walked away.  Nothing in my group's food was properly seasoned, cornbread was awful and jambalaya not cooked properly.  This place needs to close-  what an embarrassment.
2 The jambalaya itself tasted super good and had a lot of flavor. The sweet potato chips were actually pretty plain so it went well scooping the jambalaya into it and the crunchy texture made it really nice. Only thing though was the cornbread wasn't really that good in my opinion, and I couldn't find any shrimp in my chicken and shrimp jambalaya. But the portion was pretty great considering how full I got from the plate. I wouldn't order it again, but it was tasty and enjoyed it. For sure check out other options when you're looking for something to eat at the Grove.
2 We had some friends from out of town, and we decided to try The Gumbo Pot out, because we all like authentic Louisiana food.Imagine our disappointment when some dishes came out pretty bad. I had ordered a Po' Boy with oysters, and I discovered in my sandwich had not one, but two very sandy oysters. My husband ordered shrimp Jambalaya, and it had very little proper seasoning. I had ordered a potato salad, and the potatoes were undercooked, and had almost no flavor.I happen to have learned to cook Cajun food, and my potato salad is well seasoned, and the potatoes are completely cooked, and my seasoning is perfect. I have also made Jambalaya, and it was far superior to The Gumbo Pot jambalaya. I also have prepared Po' Boy sandwiches that had much more healthy ingredients without sandy oysters.I suggest that folks give this place a pass.
5 The following critiques are about the establishment themselves, not the staff. The staff is wonderfully polite and patient. If you have never been here before please keep in mind that it is located INSIDE of the Farmer's Market at The Grove. No one told me that on the phone and it was hella confusing for a second trying to find it. REMEMBER TO GET YOUR PARKING VALIDATED! Now, this food?....This is something Mom would make if money was tight and everybody was hungry. It doesn't taste awful but baby this is not gumbo. If you Google the word "gumbo" you will not see baby shrimp in it. You're gonna see some crab, some Bay leaves, some chicken...this doesn't even have the crab meat the menu says it has! These are frozen aisle pre-cooked shrimp. It literally doesn't even taaaaaste like gumbo; there's a heavy tomato paste flavor like spaghetti. There isn't enough broth here to call it gumbo. It's barely soup. The container is suuuuper cheap, toxic styrofoam bowls so the staff graciously wrapped it up securely in plastic otherwise I would've lost all my shrimp soupy soup on the way home. The taste isn't terrible but to circle for parking 20 mins, struggle to find the damn place for another 10, wait in line for 7, get parking validated...I feel like you can find better gumbo for a less pretentious experience. There's way better stuff to eat at The Grove. I really wanted to like this, too.Le sigh.
1 1-4-20: Today, I visited the Gumbo Pot with my best bud/adopted brother. It was his 1st time here and had been ages since I had been myself. I told him that they have an awesome fried catfish po'boy and so he ordered that big ass sandwich and was happy. Today I tried the fried catfish plate with red beans and rice on the side. To my surprise, it also came with some greens. I was impressed because everything was served piping hot.I enjoyed my food and would recommend giving this place a shot.
3 The mixed Po'boy (shrim + oyster) sandwich was bad. They oysters had this weird aftertaste.. I doubt they were fresh. The shrimp was meh. The bread tasted stale. I threw out half of my sandwich.
5 In the vast ocean of many food stands here this place has caught our eye. Gumbo! Beignets! Oh how exciting to see  when you don't often get to see these items on a menu. There was not a line here and we were what seems their only customer at the time. When you order a small bowl of gumbo, it comes with a side a creole mustard potato salad and a jalapeño cheese muffin. I wasn't a fan but maybe I just was not in the mood for so much different flavors at once. It was my bf meal as he wanted to try it but came with so much. The potato salad had that mustard taste, where he couldn't finish it. I ate the jalapeño muffin, which was tasty. Had a lot of flavor. Can't complain that it was dry, it looked like a muffin but consistency of corn bread.I had too much high hopes for the beignets. The first bite was not impressed. The dough was crispy and airy, not in a good way. Second one had more dough in the middle, tasted better than the first. I'm not sure what I was expected but I know it wasn't this. I did however finish all 4 of them, I was hungry. Hopefully next time it would be fried fresh.
4 I can't begin to tell you how upset I was that I've been to the Grove 1 million times and have not run into the gumbo pot! It is exactly what I needed today! I can't speak on if it is authentic or not, seeing how I am not from New Orleans. But I can tell you it taste damn good! I had the shrimp Po boy and the jambalaya that complemented each other oh so well. The corn bread is a must try! If I had to get just one thing from the gumbo pot it would be the cornbread LOL. The only thing that I would say wasn't my favorite is the beignets (dessert) . I've definitely had better ones. D was So sweet and helpful with choosing some food options! Thank you so much!
3 This place was great! Was surprised to see the bad reviews. We got soft shell crab and blackened chicken po'boys and they were delicious. I thought the thinly sliced lemon was perfect too. The beignets were also yummy. Staff was very friendly.
2 Really wanted to like this place but unfortunately it fell short. Took some international visitors here for a taste of the original farmers market. We walked around for quite a bit before I decided to get some creole food so they could try it. Upon testing it out however I was pretty disappointed and didn't want their first taste of jambalaya to be this dish. Wish I would have read the reviews first! The jambalaya was mushy and dry and the taste was just off. Not planning to return.
1 I  LOVED THIS PLACE!!!  Po' Boy was to die for!  Fried Oyster and Shrimp Po' Boy......Speechless, so good!  The staff was great.  The young man behind the counter was so helpful.  I need, I must come back here next time I am in LA.  The menu looks amazing.
4.2 Disappointed!!! 2 stars for the food and four stars for service. So I averaged them to a three star. I ordered the jambalaya...cornbread and potato salad included. I also saw a picture of their corn pudding...looked good so I ordered that as well with a lemonade. The jambalaya was just OK. No real depth of flavor. The potato salad had undercooked pieces of potato. Didn't eat it. Corn bread was dry. It needed butter or honey. I really liked the corn pudding. Great corn taste and pleasantly creamy. The star of the meal. No complaints on the lemonade. It tasted fine. I don't get to The Original Farmers Market that often (I came to get some pickling cucumbers at the Farm Boy produce stand) and the last time I was here I ate at Loteria Grill. What a bad choice that was. Read my review. Not sure when I'll be back but I will try another food establishment.
3.7 Overpriced and disappointing.  If you're expecting good gumbo, you need to go elsewhere.  It's an average spot, but it definitely won't satisfy your cravings for great authentic Nawlins cuisine.  I ordered the seafood gumbo and it came with a side of dry cornbread and a salad with pitiful dressing.  It was mainly onions and rice with barely any seafood in it; I was maybe able to find 3 pieces of small shrimp hidden inside.  Overall, it tasted bland and did not live up to my expectations.  Also, don't expect stellar service.  Or decent service, the workers were grumpy and could care less about providing any kind of customer service.
4 Seeing as how I was nearby I decided to stop by and, grab some takeout after 20yrs of non patronism. I was surprised to see it still in business and location. However, a new crew and what use to be an exciting experience, no longer exist with the current work crew.Second thing I noticed of course was the price hikes over the decades to down sizing of portions and quality of the food and preparation.So I ordered a  po'boy, side salad, gumbo and 4 muffins all for $25. Before I took off I examined my food to which everything looked okay except my sandwich. It was a bit dry, loaded with lettuce, scattered tomatoes n  slices with a bit of mayo... WTH! WHO PUTS LEMON SLICES ON THEIR SANDWICHES!At that point I go back to the counter requesting extra mayo from 'Monica' and at the same time ask if the place was under new management bc the quality of the food isn't the same. That, WENCH ignored me and walked off!! Wtf kinda customer service is that! As I'm making comments about her, a coworker aside her gives me the side eye concurring with my thoughts as well her name.My shrimp were small n few, gumbo full of veggies less seafood n my corn muffins were a joke as well disappointment bc its what lead me there in the 1st place.  All that other stuff was just extras. Yet they lacked moisture and taste as if it wasn't mixed properly bc all I could taste was baking soda. ‍
3 Bland food. The shrimp Poboy didn't even come with hot sauce on it. You have to ask for it on the side. Plus, they overcharged my credit card. Pretty weak. Definite tourist trap
4 Ate here for the DINE LA deal and split a meal of jambalaya, collard greens, corn bread and a mixed po boy (clams and shrimp), plus iced tea ($30 for two people). It was very generous portions and absolutely delicious. All of it tasted very clean and gave me a deeply warm feeling of comfort. Service is super friendly too.I'm not sure why there are negative reviews? But know before ordering that the jambalaya is just chicken and does not contain shrimp (but is delicious all the same). Our mixed po boy had plenty of oysters and shrimp though and tasted very fresh.
4.5 Got a drink at the farmers market and passed by this stall. Honestly food is just very average. Saw the big po boys and got excited. Ordered the mixed po boy which comes with fried  oysters and shrimp, hush puppies and oysters. The po boy was around $13 and I feel like I paid all that money to eat bread. Hush puppies were good, nice crispy and light. Oysters were avg. Overall food was overpriced for what they gave.
3.5 Nope. This place was a total no for me. We tried a few items: muffaletta sandwich, hush puppies, and beignets. The sandwich, which they say is just like you'll get in New Orleans... is nothing like you'd get in New Orleans. They heat it, which is just sooooo wrong. Makes it truly awful. The olive spread there wasn't enough of. The meats were off. And no vinaigrette. Nope. Not good. The hush puppies were dry (like omg pass me some water stat kind of dry). They had little bits of jalepeno in them. Not tasty. We took one bite, spit it out, and moved on. The beignets were the only edible thing we got. They were ok. Not great. Edible.Never again.
4 Very dishonest restaurant. I politely asked if I could cancel my pick-up Uber eats order to delivery, they said they "couldn't cancel it" . After calling Uber eats they said they could and I wouldn't be charged. Both the restaurant and Uber eats stole my money .
4.5 Location - Located in the Public Market near 3rd St & Fairfax. They do have a parking garage for the market with reasonable per hour rates. Leads to the Grove walking area before arriving at the market itself. Allllll the way to the back, you'll find The Gumbo Pot. Food: Gumbo YaYa - The gumbo was just okay. A thicker serving, tasted more similar to Shrimp Creole than gumbo. Nothing special.
4 Great Cajun food.  I had a fantastic oyster roll.  I love the farmer's market in LA
4 Stopped by today for some Cajun food on Fat Tuesday.I had the Vegetarian Red Beans & Rice and my friend had the Seafood Gumbo. Neither dish had any any flavor whatsoever. The beans tasted like they were poured straight out of a can onto 1-minute rice.I wish I had read an earlier review because we also bought the King Cake.....or what was supposed to be King Cake. This was basically a dry loaf of bread with colored sugar sprinkled on top.For any tourist visiting The Farmers Market/LA, there are plenty of great food options to try. Definitely avoid this one!
4.5 I love the Gumbo Pot and have been patronizing the restaurant for years. I have never had a problem with their service or food, so I am not sure why people have been leaving bad reviews. I find the food to be very authentic and with a homemade feel. I think the latter turns off many customers, who may be more used to fast or processed food.I very much recommend the cornbread and the Gumba Ya Ya as well as the Jambalya dishes. I think people should give this restaurant a shot. I think the food is excellent and offers unique food that is not offered elsewhere.
4.2 Nothing special...I had the fried oysters plate and immediately wished that I had ordered elsewhere.The oysters were over breaded, so instead of eating oyster, I would eat chunks of breading.The collared greens felt undercooked and left an undesirable aftertaste that I was regretting for the rest of the day.The corn bread on the other hand was great. Moist and it had some good texture. I would come back for the corn bread if I liked corn bread that much!There are a lot of shops to choose from at the Farmer's Market. I would recommend trying one of those others!
4.2 Omg! What can I  say about the Gumbo pot.  Hmmm!Well here it goes.  I work in the area.  So I told friends and family that I wanted try the place called the Gumbo pot.  Having roots from Louisiana I that that I would try to get my Louisiana fix.  NOT!  I was sooooo disappointed and embarrassed because i brought my friends anf family to this place.  We got a little bit of everything.  Gumbo was horrible.  It taste like they opened a can of soup (campbell can gumbo taste better)  the gumbo had chunks of tomatoes and the instant rice was already mixed in. (Yes, I could taste that) shameful.   We had a oyster and shrimp poboy. Ugh!  It was a lot of bread and not very many shrimp ir oysters (not enough for the french bread) tasteless.  Had a fish sampler with fish oysters and potato salad.  I tell you it was awful.   I really didnt know that people could mess up potato salad like that.  Had to try the collard greens.  I swear, I thought that I was being punked.  Collard greens with stewed tomatoes .  I went ahead to taste it.  There was no flavor and they were bitter.  Had some sweet potato salad.  Why?  This might have been the best edible thing that could be digested. We had beignets.  Those were hard.  (Not good)  Ths prices are to high for this garbage.  I only gave it one star because I couldnt leave it blank.  Now I cant choose a restaurant to go to for 3 months.  Lol! For this horrible choice.  This was tbe worst tasting food that I  have ever eaten.  Sorry, not sorry.  Not picture worthy.
1 Love this spot! So glad they made it through the pandemic! It's my little fried fish spot at the grove :) something you'd never expect. I always get the fried red snapper or the catfish. The fish is always fresh and delicious. It's perfectly seasoned and fried! The greens are good too! They also have a few different hot sauces but you know the go to is Crystal! This spot is a gem! Definitely check it out if you're wanting something savory and a taste of New Orleans!
1 I love authentic New Orleans style food, so I was really excited when I first saw this place! Unfortunately when the food came out, it tasted like charcoal; or more accurately, like a dirty grill. When I took apart the sandwich to see how burned the sausage was, specs of grit fell from the sandwich and... well... the picture can speak for itself. Definitely never going back, especially because of the hefty price tag that came with the charcoal Po' Boy.
3 The gumbo was mediocre at best. It could use some fresh cut up tomatoes, bigger pieces of shrimp and a better broth. You have a nutshell it's definitely not my favorite combo around. You would think that a place in the farmers market specializing in gumbo would have something that was outstanding but that's not the case here. The personnel that works here could be a lot friendlier especially the BIG GUY behind the counter. It definitely would help out this business in the long run.
1 Tried the hush puppies, fried okra, beignets and chicory coffee. Everything tasted old and was basically inedible. The coffee tasted burnt, the okra was soggy, the hush puppies tasted old, and the beignets tasted like stale dinner roles dunked in alcohol and dusted with powdered sugar. I can't blame the staff, because a person who I believe was the proprietor was working alongside them. It's disappointing that they take such little pride in their craft.
4 I made a little stop for oysters while I was at the market. Oysters are my weakness. So delicious and greatly priced here at The Gumbo Pot. I was quickly attended to by the cashier and I got a dozen oysters for about $10 (what a steal). The service was quite genuine and I liked that everyone was moving with action. They had quite the line for the hour that I visited and was very amazed by the huge assortment of foods. I wish I had seen this food stall before I had my lunch because I would've loved to have gumbo but I'm not mad because I can always visit again when I'm in LA. I watched the chef shuck my oysters directly in front of me and I finished them almost as quick as he handed them to me. So worth the stop passing by.
5 An institution for good reason. Fried oyster po boys are the best in town by yards. Those thin slices of lemon, rind and all, and a dash of one of their many hot sauces perfectly balance the beautifully corn meal crusted seafood. The corn muffins are great and the collards are fantastic. Gumbo is good too but cant speak to much else as its hard to stray too far from the above masterpieces.
1 . Just okay; haven't found a great Cajun restaurant in Los Angeles yet but great atmosphere of the Farmers Market
3 Gumbo Pot located in the Original Farmer's Market serves up great Cajun Southern fare.  It was my first time and since the joint is called Gumbo Pot, I figured get the gumbo!!THE GOOD... For $10.25, I got the Gumbo Yaya, cornbread, and a side of collard greens (they've got 4 sides to choose from).  Gumbo was really flavourful and the rice was perfect.  Chunks of chicken, andouille sausage, and veggies make this super filling.  The collards were completely vegetarian and was cooked to perfection. Could be better... The shrimp in the gumbo were super tiny and quite over cooked - my only real complaint for the gumbo.  The cornbread was super dry and tasteless.  Unfortunate since it would've been a bomb combo with the gumbo.Service was meh - they weren't friendly but they also weren't rude.  Quick and fast, food was ready in minutes.
5 We were visiting LA during Thanksgiving week so maybe that's why the food wasn't the best.  I had the oyster Po' boy, the oysters were good but way too much bread and it had thin slices of lemon with the rind still on which didn't add to the flavor.  Husband had the alligator which he said was chewy but the clerk warned him about this.  The side he chose was sweet potato salad which was not good, it had an "off" flavor, like maybe the sweet potatoes were past their prime, took a few bites and threw the rest away. The corn muffin was really dry. Bottom line: We wouldn't go back, partly due to the annoying 3.9% additional charge if a credit card OR a debit card is used. Really?  Who wants to walk around with a couple of hundred dollars in their pocket? Not to mention handling money. Most people will use a card, build the cost into your product.
5 So, so establishment. I've been here about three times and ordered different items on the menu. I didn't feel the need to give a review until now. The first time I ate here was several months ago and it wasn't a "wow" experience. There was a long line of customers ordering and waiting for their food. I was shocked to see that they were so overwhelmed that they couldn't get orders straight or get the food out in a timely manner plus many of the customers were losing their cool for one reason or another to put it mildly. This time I ordered a side of red beans and rice which was good.  I enjoyed it but the attitude of the server dampened my tastebuds. She looked annoyed and bothered when I asked for a fork which made me feel uncomfortable and unwelcome.  However, when I saw her treating others the same way, my mood shifted from taking it personally to the server simply exuding an "attitude."I'm sorry to say that I can't recommend this place and needless to say, won't be coming back. Three times is enough. Why did I give it 3 stars?  Well, because the food wasn't bad. It was actually "good" and the place was clean and organized.  While my experience wasn't the best, it wasn't horrible.
3.5 Had some of the jambalaya tonight.Long story short, it's not that great. Good amounts of sausage however the taste of everything together was the equivalent of a frozen jambalaya from the store. I heard the po boys are where it's at here, and gumbo clearly.
4 Got the mixed po boy with potato salad. Mixed po boy was definitely a 10/10. Potato was not a good example of southern potato salad, it's the complete opposite of what it should look and taste like.
4 This was a miss for me. - ordered delivery.The fried catfish was bland with no flavor or salt at all. Had to jazz it up at home. (no hot sauce in the bag).The cornbread was kinda different (truthfully it all was) but this was my favorite thing. Why are there all these tomatoes in my greens? Tasty but not what I was expecting. The gumbo.. well, that wasn't gumbo. It tasted like someone tried to disguise up some very bland veggie and rice soup and added shrimp. Hush puppies weren't anything to write home about. on the drier side but not inedible I won't be trying this again.
3 The food was flavorless, dry, and the cornbread was  rock hard. I've never had greens with huge chunks of tomatoes in it. The fish Po'boy I ordered had actual lemon peels in it, big chunks... When I arrived to pickup the ordered I asked for extra sauce and was told we had enough in the bag already. We spent 100$ and couldn't get extra sauce, seriously? -10/10, if you want authentic... this ain't it.
4 Though the concept and location are great, the flavors are far from being authentic Cajun food but that's implied. We ordered $49 worth of food, which I think wasn't worth it but keep in mind, we are at the Farmer's Market. Anyway, onto the food! FOOD TIMEFried Catfish with Sweet Potato Chips and Killer Cornbread  -breading was pretty good and the catfish was ok  -chips were alright and cornbread was honestly not so killerSoft-shelled Crab Po' Boy  -the crab was ok and wasn't as droolicious as other places  -the bread was not good  -there was a thin slice of lemon in it. I'll add lemon on my own, thanks.  -had an end piece of just full-on bread. Yay. Crawfish Pie  -my favorite thing there  -flavorful and slightly watery rice and crawfish  -like a crawfish empanada, nom nomFried Pickles  -this was alrightAll the dishes came with the same dipping sauce. I'm wondering whether we ordered the "wrong" items, save for the crawfish pie. Maybe their stewed items are the hot things to get? I don't know but chances are, I'm not coming back again since the food didn't leave any outstanding impression on me.
4.5 We had three soft shell crab po-boys and they were delicious. It is packed with crab and is simply huge. We ate half and enjoyed the second half at home.  We also had the red beans and rice and the potato salad. Both were tasty too. Outside NOLA its hard to get a decent po-boy. But you can enjoy a great po-boy here. The gumbo pot is located inside the farmers market and there are nearby tables to enjoy your po-boy at leisure. The staff at the Gumbo pot are fast and friendly.  if you crave a great po-boy then look no farther. Highly recommend.
3.5 Meh not sure how the rest of the main dishes taste but ours was not good around 4pm on a Saturday visit. We ordered the Shrimp/Chicken Jambalaya (recommended by worker-who was extremely friendly). There was no soup/liquid base to it. The sausage and shrimp was over cooked and dry. Pretty sure it had been cooked hours prior and had been sitting in a pot forever. We did not finish this dish and left disappointed as there were so many food vendors to choose from.
4 The fried catfish and mustard potato salad weee our favorites. We got a ton of food to share so we could try everything. The dipping sauce for the fried pickles has a nice spicy to it but it's not overpowering. The cornbread is good and dense. I would suggest to go with a fried Poboy instead of blackened. They have about 5 types of hot sauce if you want to add a extra kick to your meal!
4.5 My Gumbo Pot haiku:Checked credit account,seems Priscilla had paddedthe bill. Mystery.
4 This place is beyond terrible! If I could rate them 0 stars I would! I ordered a shrimp po boy and beignets they were both trash. The Po Boy had tiny shrimps that weren't even breaded properly. They put actually lemon slices in the sandwich, it was dry and overall bland.  I waited almost 20 minutes for my food and to be disappointed. I wished I would have checked the reviews before eating here! I took one bite of the beignet and spit it out because it was disgusting, hard, and stale.  I had no choice but to throw the rest of my order in the garbage.  What a waste of $18 dollars worth of food.  AVOID THIS PLACE AND SAVE YOUR MONEY! The food isn't even edible.
4 Couldnt have picked a worse vendor in the farmers market to go to. I'm sorry this place just sucked. All the food we got was gross and we were starving and still barely ate half of it so you know it was bad. The roll for the shrimp po boy was stale, the shrimp itself were deep fried oily popcorn shrimp and the moron cook put two lemon slices (with SKIN on) in the sandwich. Who does that??The red beans and rice was an insult to New Orleans...hasn't that city been through enough? Dry, tasteless...looked and tasted muddy.The greens,,gross. The fried shrimp platter gross..Gazillions of choices at the farmer's market...don't pick this one
4.5 I kinda wanted to throw away my meal but after spending $13 I stomached as much as I could. I ordered the large size of the gumbo which was 90% rice 8% sausage and 2% tiny tiny shrimp. The collard greens had an intense taste and smell which was just bad. The corn bread muffin was extremely stale. This food stall is located at the Original Farmers Market and I suggest you spend your $13 elsewhere.
4.2 This was my first time even in the farmer's market at the grove, so i didn't know what to expect. My boyfriend and I walked around and New Orlean's food sounded great, we've been enjoying it lately. Decided to try this place out. We ordered the traditional gumbo, beignets, and a side of cornbread and potato salad. Our order didn't take very long, maybe a little less than 10 minutes. The food looked delicious! The large order of gumbo may have seemed a bit small, but trust me. it was enough for the two of us with all the sides and beignets.  The gumbo was surprisingly really good! I was only hoping that there would've been a bit more okra inside. The cornbread wasn't that good and the potato salad had mustard mixed in, which was pretty good! The beignets were amazing as always! for the price and amount, i would say that it was a great early dinner/ late lunch.
4.2 So I came here with my wife and got the crawfish sandwich, po boy and the jambalaya with shrimp... an man all I can say is "I liked it"
2 Haven't been to the Farmer's Market for YEARS that I've almost forgotten how cool this place is! So much to see with so many grub choices! I did my walk-around the entire area just to see what I had a taste for. I ended up here because, as I've mentioned in previous reviews, I am a complete sucker for soft-shelled crabs. Ordered the poboy along with fried okra. And a bottled water. Everything came out to $19.35. My first impression of the sandwich was that it was BIG. They put two pieces of crabs in there. Upon closer look, though, the crabs were a little too small for the bread. This might have been a better sandwich if the bread was commensurate to the size of the crabs. I practically threw a little bit more than a third of the bread away since it was just way too big for its contents. The crabs fell a little short with the breaded seasoning. The crunch was there, but it could have used a little bit more flavor. The aioli spread was also a little bland. I think a bit of fresh crushed garlic, dash of lemon juice, salt and pepper might make a huge difference here. The veggies were fresh, though, I'll give them that. The okra was also a little bland, but once dipped in its sauce, it was quite good. But nothing spectacular. Everything was made to order and service was fast. Overall, I couldn't give them less than 3 stars. But would I come back here? Probably after I check out other places in the immediate area.
1 Not as good as some of the raves make it out to be. Service moves slow and the food is just ok. He jambalaya was almost a bit sweet and didn't have chunks of meat. Just a few pieces. Days later it's forgettable. Still for a taste of New Orleans in California it was fine. But there were better places we ate at in the Farmers Market.
3 The food was fine, but the service was really slow. I'd avoid the meat pies because they're so oily and the meat inside was over cooked and grey. We got one piece of cornbread that was really delicious, but the other one was half burned. Collard greens were the saddest I'd seen yet and I was sad because the signs and pictures looked pretty good.
2 Man, what a mediocre experience of food this place offers. First of all, they charge 3.9% service charge for using a credit card...in the year 2020...where everyone pays things with credit card. It's a shady tactic IMO that establishments should just include in the prices of their food instead of pawning them off to paying customers and shoving it in your face when they do so. I ordered the jambalaya. It comes with sweet potato chips and cornbread. That all sounds pretty good, so I get excited to order it. They scoop the jambalaya out of a pot that's sitting next to the cashier, and I notice that it literally just looks like a pot of old food that's been sitting there since the day before. They give me the food immediately, which is nice in terms of speed of service. I sit down and dig into the food. The jambalaya is very mediocre. It tastes like old stew, which judging on the pot that it was scooped out of, doesn't surprise me. The chicken is tough and the spices all taste old. It tastes like it came out of a can. The sweet potato chips were actually very good, but I suspect they buy these chips in bags. The cornbread was veeery disappointing. It's stale and hard and, as the pattern dictates, old. This place serves old, stale food. With so many options to choose from here, I advise you to try elsewhere.
1 THIS PLACE ROCKS. I got the catfish and 2 dozen oysters to share (wow 1.50 each!) and i was totally satisfied. the red beans??? with the greens??? dude come on. i can't wait to come back and try one of their po-boys!
3 Just dropped by because a band was playing in front of the place.  It was cold, so we ordered a gumbo.  They charge 3.9% for using a credit card, and ironically, they don't even have change for larger bills even if you use cash.  If you are going to have a ridiculous surcharge for using cc, at least prepare enough change for you to last theough a shift.  Also, the line moves ultra slow.  They have 4 people inside the booth, but they do not move efficiently.  It took us 10 minutes to order and over 10 minutes to get the food thereafter.  The line was not long, we had 4 people ahead of us when we started at the back of the line.  Food is mediocre,  Gumbo ya ya tasted like tomato soup.  The creole mash potato tasted like cold wasabi mush.  I do not recommend.
4 Well, it doesn't seem the Gumbo Pot is good for their alligator.  I had it today and I felt like my teeth would come out.  It was very chewy and gummy.  Not everybody can make good alligator guys and yours is a swing and a miss.  On a good note, I thought their blackened catfish was spot on.  I wish you were closer to my home I would be there at least once a week for that.  I'm going to try your gumbo the next time I'm out that way.
1 After returning from New Orleans and getting the real experience, The Gumbo Pot is not tasty at all. Food Network really let me down. Had the jambalaya and gumbo and there was no heat or spice to the stews. They were just mild in flavor. I was also surprised that there was no okra in either dish. The side dishes weren't very tasty either. The corn bread muffin was dry and there weren't any sweet potato chips (Friday night at 6pm and out of a staple item off the menu??!). They substituted the chips with other sides but it was nothing special--we chose five bean salad, green salad with creamy dressing, and Creole potato salad to go with our meal. The fried pickles were best things that The Gumbo Pot had to offer and they're not listed on the menu (how do you go wrong with fried pickles?). If I am ever having a craving for non-authentic, creamier, greasier, and yummier jambalaya, I would rather go to Cheesecake Factory or CPK.
5 Love the frog legs and fried okra. That's it. I didnt try anything else. Maybe try a different sauce for the okra? Otherwise, good ole southern comfort food.
5 Odd that this place doesn't have very good reviews. The employee working here today was pleasant and helpful, let my friend sample the jambalaya so he could decide how spicy he wanted it to be. I tried his jambalaya, it was tasty, if not the most amazing I've had.I had the shrimp po' boy, which was amazing shrimp and average bread. I thought the thinly sliced lemon garnish in the sandwich were a nice citrusy touch. The fried okra was good for me, my friend thought it was 'slimy' but he's very odd, so I wouldn't take him that seriously.All in all, a solid 3.5 with a friendly cashier. So a 4.
3.5 I had some family friends visiting Los Angeles from the east coast and we decided to meet at the The Grove/Farmers Market for Lunch.  I had heard about The Gumbo Pot from someone else and we decided to give it a try as there are so many options at the Farmer's Market.Let me start by saying that my 3 visiting family friends enjoyed their Jambalaya, Gumbo and one had a fish sandwich.  I on the other hand had the Blackened Snapper with the Vegetarian Collard Greens with a side of Hush Puppies.The Snapper was AWFUL!  It was extremely bland.  Not a bit of spice.  Blackened is a seasoning... but it seemed their version of blackened was to blacken it by burning it on the grill.  It taste like bland burnt fish.  The Collards were OK.  A bit on the spicier side for me, but nothing to scream home about.  However, I was so looking forward to the Hush Puppies and they were absolutely DISGUSTING!  They had this sour taste, like something gone bad.  I let 2 of my friends try them and they felt the same about the taste.  However, one informed me, the sour taste came from whatever the hush puppies were cooked in.  I never tasted Hush Puppies like that before and I never want to again.  The best thing on my plate was the Cornbread.  That was delicious.Also, one of my friends got some fried Alligator, so we could all taste it.  I never had Alligator before.  I must say, that was pretty good.  It was waaaaay better than anything I had purchased.After this experience, I probably will never return again.  I spent about $23 with a drink and tip... That was a terrible waste of money.  If you want Creole food, just wait till you go to New Orleans.  This was NOT it!
4 The pricing is ridiculous and the food is decent at best. They swindled me for a cup of coffee I thought was going to be a decent portion and they charged me practically a dollar per beignet which were roughly the size of a nipple pasty.
4 Disgusting is all I can say. All the food we ordered the best thing was the pecan pie. Blackened snapper , fried catfish was still pink (the guy behind the counter said that's the way it comes from the distributor) I'm not buying that. Seafood gumbo didn't see a piece of shrimp throughout. Very disappointed. I will never return
3 Not friendly woman at the front, mumbles under her breath then asks if you want to leave a tip. No thank you!Gumbo Pot- Friendly behavior goes a long way.
4 I love Creole food so when I was in the Farmer's market with a friend,  we decided to make a stop here. While the menu looks good that is where it ended. We ordered the crab cakes, jambalaya, greens and hushpuppies with the meat patties on the side because who doesn't love meat patties right? This came out to about 50 bucks, yea I know.Diving into the hushpuppies first, I noticed  a smell but thinking "how could a hushpuppy be bad?" I bit into it. I was met with a tangy sour taste and dry cornmeal. I spit that out. Next the crab cakes: while they were initially the best thing on the plate I noticed the more I ate it, the more it tasted like crab mixed with tuna and let's not forget all those lovely bones I kept spitting out. The jambalaya tasted like rice spaghetti (so many tomatoes and tomato sauce) and my friends red beans and rice tasted like refried beans from a can darkened with roux and they weren't even hot; barely lukewarm. Lastly those meat patties I had such high hopes for, was basically minced meet I think ground beef that was extremely greasy. That meat hada smell that let me know it was probably well pass its shelf-life.Suffice to say we didn't finish our meal and ended up going somewhere else afterwards.
4.5 My husband and I have been to New Orleans.  It's hard to get that "fix" we've been looking for here in LA.  I found this place to surprise the husband for his birthday.It's at the Grove/Farmer's Market.  There's validated parking everywhere for this place.  I also believe this place will validate your parking ticket as well for eating with them.Pros: This place gives great portions.           They make everything when you order it so it's piping hot.          There are plenty of places to sit as they are located by a large table           area.          The staff is very friendly.Cons: The food is ok, but not great.  We ordered two different things so            we could try each other's food. There was a kick to everything.             We know creole food is known for that, but usually there is an            option to not have spicy.  We never had that issue actually in New            Orleans.I think it is a place to at least try once, but we probably won't try it again.  ChocolateFilipino is still on our quest for our New Orleans spot!
3.5 I visited the Grove yesterday and with a variety to eat at the Farmer's Market, we chose The Gumbo Pot. It did not do us justice. I ordered a Po Boy/Oyster sandwich. First off, it was full of lettuce.  There were sliced lemons with the rinds still on them inside the sandwich. Who does that? I had to pull those off and remove some of the lettuce and ate it like a side salad.  Additionally, the sweet potato salad was disgustingly terrible. It had a sour, weird taste. The cornbread muffin was very, very, dry. It tasted extremely old. The seasoning on the seafood was good, but some of the shrimp were rubbery to eat; indicating they were overcooked. What makes it so bad is, we asked the young lady taking the order her recommendations and she stated these choices tasted good. Of course to sell it.In agreement, another table of people eating nearby stated they did not like their food either. It is my fault for not immediately expressing it, returning the food, and demanding a refund!  I went there because I like Louisiana cajun food but this food was not good. Upon leaving, a man with a purple Gumbo Pot Tshirt asked if I liked the food? I told him, NO I did not like  food. Not sure if he were the owner or manager, but HE did not move from his chair to engage.  I spent $30! As consumers, we are too passive and taught not to complain however, people should SPEAK UP!  Return the food if it is not edible to inform the business their food sucks! Normally, you don't think to ask for a manager in open air places because they usually are not present. But Start! I hope this YELP helps The Gumbo Pot correct their flaws in the competitive Farmer's Mkt otherwise, they may be on the road to closing.
4 I was here over 15 years ago and apparently the quality has gone down substantially.  This time the Gumbo had so little meat I had to pick through the thick sauce to find any.The taste was also not very spicy how I like it.The price is high for the lack of quality and MEAT.Two stars for the cool location and quick service.
4.5 The service seemed authentic. The beans could have been better with the rice. Crawfish cold... is wack. In my personal opinion. I wish i had the option to have warm . Would have made my meal... better. Cornbread was good. sweet potato salad good. And that's all u have to say. I don't know if I'll make a second run... but pizza place across the way...was slamming ‍I'll go a second time to see if .... better experience.
4 At the farmers market there are countless options. The gumbo isn't quite New Orleans, but still really tasty. I got the jimbalaya rice with andouille sausage, chicken, corn bread and collard greens.My sister got the gumbo ya ya with chicken, shrimp, and andouille sausage, although the shrimp were hard to find. There's rice in everything and you get to choose a side. She went with the 5 bean salad. Every time I come to LA I come here. Very touristy (farmers market and Hollywood in general), but good for families who can't choose and want relatively inexpensive options. Especially if you can't find a taco truck.
4 My husband brought home a pretty big sampling, and the only things I really enjoyed were the desserts: sweet potato pie and beignets. The shrimp poboy had very little shrimp and... wait for it... chopped up lemon. Skin and all. I have never seen chopped up lemon in anything. The jambalaya was very soupy and tomatoey. Not much flavor. The greens were okay. They didn't ask him what kind of dressing he wanted on the green salad, and I guess the default is coleslaw dressing? Weird place. Go for beignets and coffee, but that's about it.
4.5 Not great. The jambalaya is mostly tomatoes and rice. Not much meat. The hush puppies are pretty good. Soft cornmeal. Not dry. Served with a tasty dipping sauce.
4.2 I don't know why this place gets bad reviews. It's very rare to find New Orleans Southern Cajun Food in Los Angeles. I've been here a few times. Even though I'm not familiar with that region's cuisine, I do find their food tasty and delicious.
4.2 A beignet is NOT an Entenmann's cruller.A beignet is NOT a Krispy Kreme donut.A beignet IS a puff of deep-fried perfection, dusted with powdered sugar. A beignet IS yum with chicory, café au lait.  A beignet IS best left to The Gumbo Pot's trained professionals.  Trust me, I know. Fat Tuesday 2009, I nearly met hunky, firefighters when my beignet project got too hot to handle.  I will not try this at home again!Get the best beignets outside of the Big Easy at The Gumbo Pot - traditional, four to an order or chocolate, three to an order. I'm a fan of the traditional for reasons Proust, powdered sugar mustache and all. Get awesome Gumbo Ya Ya or Seafood Gumbo here too!  Get your parking validated and laissez les bon temps roulez!
1 I'm just going to start off by saying I will probably never eat at this place again, the lady that took my order wasn't very friendly, most people usually start off by saying hello how are you doing today, she just had a bad attitude period. I was there with my wife and daughter, I ordered a Po-boy for my daughter, and I had some Gumbo and some corn bread on the side, it was horrible, the corn bread was very dry and the Po-boy was just not good and it was $14 for just the sandwich.This is one place I will not be visiting the next time I come to the Grove / Farmers Market!!!
5 This lil spot is located in the Farmers market at The grove. The people at the counter look so unhappy. It makes me sad just looking at them. No really I feel awful for them. :(I ordered the blackened salmon and my husband ordered the soft shell crab. I also ordered the potato salad and the sweet potato salad as well. They were both tasteless and quite awful. Honestly I don't recall ever sitting down to eat and not liking anything that I ordered at all. The sandwiches are huge but not tasty. The blackened salmon was so spicy I couldn't even finish half of half. I love spicy food but this was painful. At least add some other flavor mixed with the fire. The soft shell crab was not as bad as far as the spice but pretty flavor less.Very hungry and disappointed.
5 Gumbo yaya, horrible, a glorified tomato soup with 1 piece of chicken the size of 1 baby shrimp (3total for me), a 1/2 slice of a piece of andouille sausage camouflaged by white rice and over sized tomato chunks...I've had better hospital food, I'm sorry but this place is over rated !!!! Corn bread muffin was good as was the side green salad but DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY HERE!!!
3 Not sure about anything else here but the Andouille Sausage Po Boy is awesome!!!   Ive been getting it for years... I did try the cornbread today, very dry.  Definitely needs a lot of butter...  cant recommended the cornbread... But this Po Boy is fantastic!!!   Good spice
4 Not much to say except Bland.  We ordered the gumbo, shrimp pull boy and fried alligator bites.  All bland and boring.  Not a place I would recommend specially when there are so many options near by.
1 I'm probably gonna get beat up here, but I totally disagree with everyone here regarding the gumbo. OK, given, my husband is Creole and his sisters make THE BEST gumbo around, I think my tastebuds are a bit bias.Hubby wanted to try this place out after reading all these wonderful reviews and so we made the trek out there. I told him to just try one thing first because I didn't want to buy a whole bunch of stuff and then not be able to enjoy it. We settled on the gumbo ya-ya.As soon as we got it, hubby dug in while I went off to find more spoons. I then sat down and asked him what he thought. He said "try it and you tell me". I took a bite and then another. It wasn't really gumbo. Not really. It wasn't thick and there wasn't enough okra. That's precisely the point. Not enough okra means not enough thickness. On top of that, the flavor was just missing something.We were highly disappointed with the gumbo, but I really enjoyed the lettuce salad with a pecan dressing.
1 The quest for good fried oysters continues.  Because this is not the place.It would be one star because of those deep-fried bricks they wrap their oysters in, but the red beans and rice was surprisingly good.  If you looking for legit Cajun food that's good though you probably don't want to waste your time here, sorry.I got lulled into a false sense of security from a " Best of farmers market" article.  It ain't. Sorry.
1 When in the Fairfax district, missing NOLA and Jonesin' for a PoBoy, this is the place. Low prices, good quality, quasi authentic Cajun food at the Farmers Market. Get the red beans and rice to go with your sandwich and all is well...Beer, wine and libations abound right across the tables!!!
4 I've been trying to actually take advantage of living in Los Angeles...and that means actually eating somewhere other than Chili's and Olive Garden...god love them. Boyfriend and I started going to The Farmer's Market at The Grove on Sundays to try all of their precious little food stands...the first being The Gumbo Pot. I had the Seafood Gumbo which I thought was completely yummy. I'm not the biggest fan of spiciness when it comes to my food, so this was a pretty solid selection. Just hearty and delicious.  The portions are HUGE and incredibly filling...so I would recommend the smaller portion of anything that comes in a bowl. It also comes with cornbread, which pretty much rocked my world. Totally recommend giving this place a try.
1 Finally tried the beignets based on a fellow Yelper's recommendation and I must say, I was highly disappointed.  Maybe it was an off day?  Beignets = 1 Star!  Total Fail...Dry and Hard, Yuck!  Also, aren't beignets supposed to puff up?  Well these were flat...BOOOOO!  Advice: Skip the beignets and try the jambalaya instead!
3.5 Their Jambalaya is pretty darn tasty!  It's well-seasoned, has a lil kick to it and packed with big chunks of chicken, big pieces of sausages and rice.  I was surprised at the amount of chicken and sausages in there.  Thumbs Up!  It's a pretty hearty meal so plan on sharing.  The jambalaya also comes with your choice of a side and corn bread.  We decided on the sweet potato salad (shredded sweet potato with apples and raisins)...recommended!  Also, don't forget to order their strawberry lemonade...very refreshing!
4 I've never had a bad cajun meal before this one :(I got the gator tail filet, kinda expecting that half of a tail would show up on my plate, rolled in cornmeal and fried. Really, they dice this bad boy and fry each piece. More cornmeal on my plate and more confusion in my mind. I got a side of sweet potato salad and a cornbread muffin, which actually had a kick. Unfortunately, I found the sweet potato salad underwhelming as well: it was crunchy and pretty flavorless. The gator chunks had varying levels of fat and fishy flavor, from (mostly) bland to pretty darn good!My dining partner had a shrimp po' boy and boy did he get some big mouthfuls of French bread. The shrimp was pretty good but he wasn't too happy with the meal, overall.As I'm reading other reviews, I think I'll go for something different next time. I'll leave the poor gators alone.
4 The food tasted like it was made 2 days ago. Very disappointing, I had chicken and shrimp jambalaya. The corn bread was over baked and dry.
3 If you have a chance, check out their cajun style breakfast which is only served in the weekends. CRAB CAKE BENDICT! That is a must.As far as the rest of the menu, I am loving the:Fried chicken po'boyJambalayaEtoufeeBeignets with their chickory coffeeUnderwhelming is the:Shrimp po' boy - too healthy. haha! Lettuce, tomato, around five breaded shrimps and slices of lemon. I was  spoiled with being introduced to a shrimp po'boy in New Orleans during a Mardi Gras trip so it's super hard to not compare it to that.Interesting dish:- Alligator tail fillet.. it really does taste like fried chicken and fish fillet combined. =)
4 I didn't grow up eating gumbo and had never tried it until my mid-20's.  But something about this dish makes me feel warm and toasty inside.  Maybe it's the dirty rice that sits on top of the spicy chicken gumbo that makes it taste so comforting.  Or maybe the rice just brings me back home because I did grow up with that.  Or maybe the gumbo was soupie but also stewy.  But whatever it was, it felt like comfort food to me.The gumbo comes with a side pecan salad and corn bread.  I'm not a fan of the corn bread but this one turned me into one.  It was sweet and moist and the best corn bread I've ever eaten in my life.  And the pecan salad was great too.  There was nothing wasted on this dish, all had fit into my round belly.Then there's the Jambalaya, this rice was mished mashed in with sausages, shrimps, okra, spices, and tomatoes.  It made for another comforting foodie experience.   My mouth couldn't believe these wonderful flavors could exists in such a small little hut inside the Farmers Market, next to The Grove.And can I tell you about the Po'Boy sandwich?  I've never had one of these before and looking at the ingredients, what was so Po' about that?  It was stuffed with some battered deep fried shrimps and oyster with a bed of lettuce on a long submarine toasted bread.  It was crunchy, shrimpy and oystery.  Fantastic!Lastly, I ordered the regular powder sugared beignets. They make it fresh out of the fryer for you.  And this is another first for me, those beignets were square!  I had no idea they were traditionally shaped that way.  And what a treat it was to be able to eat this.  It was HOT, sugary but not too sugary and the beignets were crunchy on the outside and a bit dense on the inside.  All this time, I thought beignets was a fancy name for a donuts.  Boy, was I wrong!There's plenty of folded tables and chairs for you to plop down to chow down.  And after your done eating, the bus person will come by and clean up your table.  They work hard for their dollars and I do appreciate the service!  Next time I'm in town, I would definitely come back here.
4.5 Not sure why this place only has 2.5 stars. We went June 2021. The service was quick and food was good. We ordered the shrimp, oysters, and a po boy. All of them were good. I enjoyed the corn bread. No fuss, straight forward creole food.
4 We had eaten a late Brunch that afternoon but when we were heading to the movies around 7 we wanted a quick bite to eat and the Gumbo Pot won out because I LOVE Cajun food.Jamba is my fav so I ordered a full portion with a side of red beans and rice and it came with collard greens. As I was waiting for my food I was noticing how large The other serving sizes were as people picked up their orders. They all also look very tasty.The Jambalaya and the red beans & rice had a very good flavor and spice to them and because of that the food disappeared rapidly. I'm sure I've had collard greens at some point in my life but I honestly can't remember win, but I could have probably eaten an entire bowl of just the collard greens because it was so good.It's a simple food stand within the farmers market at the Grove so you won't be having any romantic dates here, but you also won't walk away Unsatisfied.
3.5 Well i must say i felt guilty giving it 1 star. Thats if I found a roach or it was vomit food.It was lacking good taste. It was like having a pile of rice with a 99 cent can of tomato paste and one shrimp that looked like it survived a concentration camp but died in an unfortunate cooking accident.
4.5 That was worst fake gumbo for $13.00 I've ever had there was no sausage,crab it was all rice  chicken what a ripoff never going back ever again please don't waste your money going  gumbo pot yuck
4 Ordered a po boy & seafood gumbo online. Asked for no rice & no dairy on the po boy. This restaurant ignored my specific ask. More than half the bowl was filled with rice which was a huge disappointment for me being I eat gumbo without rice. Oh yeah the gumbo taste NOTHING like gumbo. Also my po boy was loaded with dairy. If you want gumbo this is definitely not the place!!
4 Disregard all the negative reviews! I did& I am happy I came. This his place is so dam tasty& fulfills the New Orleans food craving for sure. The service was where it needed to be,  friendly, quick and helpful if you're unsure what to order. Lots of vegan options as well.  Very Cool for a date lunch or dinner, whether it being your first date or your hundredth date.  Come hungry the whole surrounding area is filled with delicious options of foods & sweets. As well as a few Cool little beer/wine bars & great mix of people.
4 I've been going there for years and have always enjoyed their food. Love their fried shrimp poboys and blackened chicken.
3.9 I've been coming here for almost 20years and i love this place!  The crawfish étouffée is consistently amazing.  This place deserves 5 starts! I can only give it 4, however, due to their unfortunate choice of takeout packaging.   It always leaks!!  Usually all over my car!!!   I often get my orders to go and don't get to eat until several hours later.  By that time, the styrofoam and/ or plastic have been compromised.  I've been complaining for years, and the only adjustments they've made is to quadruple plastic wrap and double bag.  This only keeps food from leaking all over my car/ counter (which is nice!).  However, its still a soggy mess that needs its own bowl while losing all the sauce.That said, they always hook me up with a free bowl whenever i complain.  I just hate to complain!  I hate a ruined dinner even more!!!
4.2 One of my favorite places in Original LA Farmers Market. This time I had the gumbo ya ya (with shrimp, chicken & andouille sausage), collard greens, corn bread and crawfish pies (limited time only). Everything was so good but the collard greens were some of the best I've ever had.Normally I get the beignets & chicory coffee but I was just too full this time.
1 Delicious cornbread!! So buttery, so good. Tried the gater gumbo and it was under-seasoned. The rice it came with was a little hard too. Good thing they offer a variety of hot sauces and I poured A LOT into my gumbo. So glad their hot sauces marry so well with the gumbo. Got the side salad with the candied pecans and it was quite good though not remarkable. Jambalaya was under-seasoned as well but at least the rice in this one was perfectly cooked. Again, hot sauce to the rescue! Got a side of sweet potato salad and it tasted and looked like raw carrots. Maybe that's what raw sweet potato tastes like?   Would definitely come back for the cornbread.
1 We wanted to try a new place and found this place on a google search. The staff was extremly friendly and knowledgable of each dish. We didnt have to wait long for our food at all...roughly 10 mins, if that. It is tucked away in this really cute outdoor seating area with plenty of other shops around to check out after you eat. I wish we had a little more food for the price we paid. We like to go back home with left overs over here! Overall great food and ambiance..definitely recommend!
1 This place is my favorite when I go to the grove :) the oysters are really well priced and taste pretty decent! I love their fried okra and beignets when I'm missing New Orleans. Their gumbo isn't anything special but it will satisfy your craving for the stuff. Overall a great cheap option to same a bunch of items. Highly recommend, especially if you're already going to the grove.
1 Decided to give this place a try since it seemed pretty popular and really regretted that open mindedness. Next time, I'm going to stick with Pampas Grill or The French Crepe Company. We had the large gumbo yaya ($9.75) which comes with a side. We upgraded our side to a pork jambalaya for an additional $1.75. The gumbo was very hot (temperature wise) but didn't have much flavor otherwise. The jambalaya was better in my opinion, but the gumbo was pretty bad so it was a low benchmark comparison. The cornbread had corn and cranberries in it and was not bad. Probably the best part of the meal. The people working there are not very helpful or friendly either. They also validate parking for the Farmers Market lot.
3 Menu is enticing, but the actual food is not.  Seafood gumbo is good, not memorable.  Red bean & rice is ok. Frog legs are horrible,  even though they are freshly fried, the meat itself is not fresh and it had a bad smell.  The young girl at register is very sweet, but mama Gumbo on the other hand  is rude.  I wanted to know what they serve the frog legs with...rice, salad, or nothing?  Mama Gumbo glared at the girl & I for asking, mumbled something then walked away.  Later, I came back to the counter to get a plastic fork, she yelled at me for not asking her first.  Well then  I'm very generous with 3 stars here even with bad customer service & mediocre food.
1 I ordered the Seafood Gumbo and Red beans & rice. Both very bland. Cornbread is disgusting. I had to add 2 and a half packets of salt and pepper for it to taste like anything. Very disappointing.
2 The Gumbo Pot used to be great. Unfortunately, now the food is mediocre at best, inedible at worst. This makes me very sad. I'm a New Orleans native, and the Gumbo Pot was one of the few places I could get po-boys and gumbo. Never again.
5 Stop playin  that is not gumbo  soul brother's official review  not all that   must do better
1 NOT Southern flavored food as advertised! The cooks just spiced the food hot enough to try to cover up the subpar prepared food! I'm pissed. I appreciate a well prepared meal and today, I have been thoroughly LET DOWN!Pacific Snapper - over spiced to be hot. Awful seasoning. Mustard Potato Salad - pitifully seasoned.Cornbread - dry & falls apart.
3 It was an interesting place, food tasted under seasoned for a gumbo spot. Not sure if I would recommend. Although the service was friendly and quick, maybe I should have tried some dessert too but I was so excited about the food I didn't think of nothing other. Also The plaza is a loud environment you run into some interesting people.
4.2 Located in the farmers market off the third street promenade. They have a huge food court with plenty of outdoor seating. The food here is decent. Large portions spicy jambalaya and well done blacken snapper.  If you don't want your fish over cooked would let them know in advance. I happen to like all my fish well done so was perfect for me. Two and half stars for the food Additional 1/2  star for the casual fast service Would have liked to try the crawfish either a beer. Will save that for next time...
3.7 My hubs and I LOVE southern food and recently try as many places as possible. It's definitely not near the best we've ever had but it's not the worst. I knocked off one star because of the pricing and inconsistency in service. We usually get the seafood gumbo and jambalaya and share. As for the sides, the best is probably the corn bread, the potato salad, and sweet potato chips. The single worst is the sweet potato salad which is like undercooked or raw pieces of sweet potato slaw with sauce. The seafood gumbo is probably better but isn't really abundant in actual seafood, more like tomato and rice. Jambalaya is OK, not the best not the worst. Prices are what you would expect at the grove but if you're going to dish out $12 for a meal, there are better choices.It's in the Farmers Market at the Grove and it's almost towards the end, furthest from the grove direction. There's obviously parking but make sure you get validation because otherwise it gets really expensive. There is also general seating with foldable tables and chairs for everyone but I hate those because usually the sun is right in your face and food while you eat and they are rickety AF. It's not quite an A-OK place, it's just meh.
4 NO WAY did The Gumbo Pot receive 3 stars!! :OI ordered the Jambalaya combo that came with a generous portion of spicy Jambalaya, delicious cornbread and a fresh green salad for about ~$11. My sister had the soft shell crab combo also with cornbread and a green salad for ~$13. I thoroughly enjoyed my jambalaya and I was pretty sad I couldn't even finish it all lol There was a nice spice to it and the sausage slices were tasty. The cornbread was bomb and the salad was a great balance to the carbs lol. The soft shell crab had a really good dipping sauce but I loved my jambalaya more :DMaybe I don't have that much Cajun/Creole experience but I really liked it and would definitely come back again!
3 This place is so reminiscent of all my time exploring all the whole in the wall spots I could find throughout New Orleans and Baton Rouge. They keep it 100% authentic with the menu and the flavor, nothing gourmet to it. The only thing is that they definitely turn down the spice to appease a wider consumer base but thats nothing that a bottle of tabasco can't correct. The thing that really takes it to the next level is the market stall style ordering and the original farmer's market second story balcony dining area; with the ceiling fans cranking on a hot LA summer day, you are instantly transported back to the streets of the original LA. I can understand why it's not for everyone but for many its pure homestyle cooking a long ways from home. So far its the only place that I have found in Los Angeles that fully embodies the heart and soul of Louisiana cooking down to its roots.
4 I just don't understand why. Really, I mean I actually don't know.I don't know why they don't make the food more flavorful here. It's just kind of bland and always has been since I first started coming here about 10 years ago. Mind you, I only come here when I'm desperate for Cajun food because it's close to my houseDoes it cost a lot more money or take a lot more time to make gumbo that is more authentic and flavorful? The same goes for pretty much anything I've had here.I'm not complaining about the quality, freshness or temperature of the food. I'm not even saying they should make it spicier. Just more flavor in general.
4.5 Stopped by for a quick lunch and ordered the ya ya gumbo which was suppose to feature chicken, shrimp and andouille sausage per the menu board but the shrimp was non existent.  I had one shrimp and it was barely visible big An added bonus was the okra (good thing I like okra because it wasn't listed).  The gumbo was actually pretty good, I think they use a file' but I didn't verify this.  The gumbo was hot, not to spicy and served in a styrofoam bowl over rice...just like back home.  It wasn't my gma's but it was still on point! The meal also featured cornbread which I think had a lil jalapeno in it but it wasn't spicy and it came with a side, I chose the vegetarian collard greens which didn't really make sense when ordering but one received I see why they were vegetarian.  Typically cooked with a neckbone, bacon or some sort of fat, these just had tomatoes...not bad.  All that and a bottle of water, $13...
3.5 A nice find in the LA farmers market offering a full menu of NOLA offerings.  They had large pots of seafood gumbo, jambalaya, gator gumbo, and spicy gumbo ya ya.  Menu items included Po Boys, seafood boils, and fried goodies.  Prices were very reasonable.The seafood gumbo had spice and good flavors, but was pretty light on crabmeat.  It had a few tiny pieces of shrimp though.  Some okra would have been nice. Side dishes include corn bread and a side of sweet potato chips.  The chicory coffee with milk was also a nice palate cleanser.  Reminds me of Cafe Du Monde in NOLA.Overall, a good place for a quick lunch.  If I ever get a chance to return I would try their Po Boy or go bold with the spicier gumbo.
4 Terrible. I have a strong stomach and rarely feel sick after eating lower than par food but this place actually did that. Tried the shrimp po boy and the corn bread. The sandwich was all bread and barely anything inside of it and the corn bread was dry and boring. I was really excited because the artwork was really cool but it was very disappointing and made me feel sick.
4.5 I had dinner at the Gumbo Pot this evening. Having  spent much of my childhood in The "Crescent City". I love good gumbo and this was by far some of the best I've tasted outside of New Orleans. The Gumbo Pot's menu items are reasonably priced and the slightly Cafe du Monde style of open aIr dining at the Farmers Market made the experience feel all the more authentic. With its well established reputation The Gumbo Pot is often busy but the friendly and efficient staff delivers first rate service. Especially the gentleman cashier (he wore a black hat and is quick with a smile) He competently helped each customer order, rang them up and moved the line quickly. I had my dinner in no time but, even after I sat down to eat, the customer service continued. When the cashier had a free moment, he made the effort to catch my eye to ensure I was happy with my meal or if there was something I needed.I will make the Gumbo Pot my regular stop for lunch or dinner any time I'm in the area! I give both the food and the service FIVE STARS!
4 I had a taste for a gumbo.  It  is a cold day today I wanted a  bowl of gumbo! I  went to the Gumbo Pot" .  The two gentlemen working behind the counter did not seem happy to be there. I understood ...these are tough times. But I am spending  $15.00 on a bowl  of soup! So I deserve good service.  I purchased a large bowl of seafood gumbo.  it came with a side order... I got red beans and rice also came with corn bread and greens The two side orders were good cornbread was cold and dry.  The gumbo  which was the "seafood upgrade"  should have had crab, shrimp sausage okra etc. I counted two pieces of sausage and about a dozen  small shrimp. I did not taste nor see any crab ‼if you want to have realistic Louisiana Gumbo this is not the place. What 'm eating right now in front of me seems to be  Campbell's soup with small shrimp and it . I  am severely disappointed.
4 This spot was OK.  Considering the other options within steps I should have chosen another option.  I only tried the soft shell crab po-boy but there was not much crab on there, the bread was not very fresh or not crusty or just tasted like it came from a cheap bakery.  The overall sandwich was bland and for the money it was not much of a value.They may have much better items here but my single experience here will probably be my last.
4.5 It's disappointing to see so many poor reviews of a place that seems to try as hard as it can.Firstly. The Gumbo Pot does not, to my knowledge, pretend to be some bastion of Creole and Cajun cuisine. The current ownership, management, and staff are not New Orleanians. They can not be expected to deliver a Bourbon Street experience. And like practically EVERY other restaurant in Farmers Market, they just aspire to offer a decent version of various classic Louisiana dishes.I would think they could at least get credit for offering Frog Legs and Gator! For those wanting to try the two, it is a lucky thing that it is accessible right in the middle of the city! And for those who already have a taste for the critters, they should sing this establishment's praises for having somewhere to run to when that craving hits them.No, the Gumbo is not the stuff of Paul Prudhomme's fantasies. It is, though, a REALLY good stew. I recall the weekend lines to this eatery being so long that they disrupted pedestrian traffic in the westernmost portion of the market.I personally am grateful for the CHICORY COFFEE. I am a fan of Chicory Coffee and would like for someone to tell me another reliable source for the beverage in Los Angeles.I find the food to be good. I know from experience that if a person has any misgivings about an aspect of a dish that is correctable, then the staff is invariably happy to correct it - with a smile.Another great thing about this restaurant is their willingness to do custom orders. I once wanted a "Gumbo Sandwich" - a Po Boy with gumbo slathered in it and some fried oysters added for good measure. I was indulged. Did I pay for it? Yes, I did. But for $15.00 I got what I asked for. Someone went out of their way to fulfill my request. That is worth $20.00 bucks to me.The Gumbo Pot is a very decent option for those in central L.A. looking for a quick taste of New Orleans and the Bayou. They'l treat you right.Not everyone can be Monsieur Marcel!I give it four stars, not because of any complaints or misgivings I have, but because I am a Gumbo and Etouffee stickler. Not many could satisfy my personal demands for the two dishes. Other than that, The Gumbo Pot is where it's at!
4.2 I really wanted to enjoy this place. First, the good: service was decent. Man taking our order was pleasant as was the lady dishing up our food.FOOD: We has the gumbo combo and the seafood appetizer plate. While the flavor of the gumbo was good, it tasted like it had been sitting in a crock pot for wayyyyy too long. Every component of the dish was mushy and had no texture. The cornbread also tasted kinda old. The slaw was probably the best part. The appetizer plate was gross. They ran out of crawfish by the time we ordered, so they gave us more shrimp. The oysters were good, but the shrimp was honestly the grossest shrimp I've ever had in my life. Again the texture - they were so waterlogged that the shrimp turned into a crumbly grainy paste as soon as you peeled them. I had never seen anything like that. None of them were deveined either so it was just a mess trying to eat them. Maybe if we came earlier in the day the food would've been fresher? We ate at around 6pm so maybe avoid for dinner...
4.2 Was excited to have some Jambalaya and Gumbo for Fat Tuesday and very disappointed with my experience at this place.Jambalaya meal was all cold and no taste at all. I feel like everything were over cooked in their pots and I feel like all those are leftover from yesterday. Frog legs were not fried well done and the man who took my order seems like tired already at noon time bc he wasn't helpful with what asked of him about the menu.The old good thing that happened was their special coffee.
5 This place likely had really good food at one point and time. Unfortunately, tonight's offerings were sad at best. The po'boy was just that- very poor looking; 80% bread with a tablespoon of spread and LITERALLY A CHILD SIZE HANDFUL OF shriveled up, over cooked POPcorn Shrimp! I repeat- this place falsify advertises themselves as being an authentic spot for a taste of Louisiana. It's nothing close. They use popcorn shrimp smaller than the size of a dime to fill their $11.45 cent po boy. Food was 1 star.
5 Wasn't the best creole style food I've ever had but it would suffice if you're looking for a quick fix if you're ever in this area.
2 It is very hard to find any New Orleans Style food in LA area at all. I moved to LA, from the South, in 1999 and quickly found the Farmers Market and The Gumbo Pot. Yes the food is a little pricey but I am definitely not mad at them for giving me a tasty reminder of home. In a city that tries soooo hard and still creates mediocre inconsistent food and atmosphere The Gumbo Pot never disappoints on either front. I thank them for staying true to the food. See you again soon.
5 Don't come here for the service. As I stood between the two cash registers with one man behind each, there was no looking up, let alone a greeting for me. I had to ask if one of them could take my order. The one looked to the other and asked if he wanted to - he said 'no.' so I ended up with the first one. I ordered the SMALL Gumbo Ya Ya.My order went something like this....Cashier: What was that - large?Me: No, small.Cashier: So you want the Gumbo Ya Ya?Me: Yes.Cashier: What size?Me: Small. Can I also get a diet root beer?Cashier: Yeah. Wait, wait you said small Gumbo Ya Ya, right?Me: YES!!!!!It was crazy. I waited about 12 mins for them to scoop already made soup into a bowl. Plus, there was no one in front of me. I honestly don't know what they were doing. I felt like going around the counter and getting my own food.Maybe the Gumbo Pot is not the most authentic New Orleans/Creole food, but it still tasted great to me (maybe cause I'm not from there). It was a little chilly out and the soup hit the spot. I crumbled some of the corn bread in and it made it even better. Also really really loved my collard greens - tangy and hot in temperature. My total came to $11.45. I thought it was fair pricing for everything I got.Don't go expecting the best - but it's pretty alright if you ignore the service.1 star for service and 4 for my food.
3 Did they change hands?  OMG, what a disappointment after so many years of outstanding meals, Surprise, worst meal in months.  The muffin was hard, maybe stale.  The potato salad had a flavor I could not discern.  The Main course was average to say the best.  The Sweet Potato Pie tasted like unseasoned baby food and it was furnished in a small time from an outside vendor.  This is the last time I drop any $$$ at this venue.  I'm not sure why they are treating their customer base like this, Don't tell me they need a "Tax write-off", it's just not worth saying anything more except save your $$$ and head to "IN 'n OUT"  for a decent supper.
2 I got the sudden urge for gumbo after a procedure I had done. I came here because my friend told me he seen this place on tv and it looked good. I got gumbo and jambalaya and was very disappointed. I never thought those 2 could be bland but this place was able to make it yucky. The corn bread was even yucky. Who screws up corn bread??
2 My experience at The Gumbo Pot was quite average. My side cup of seafood gumbo was underwhelming, but also exactly as I expected after reading some of the other Yelp reviews. Had I not been meeting a friend there, who had chosen the restaurant, I would have steered clear. The gumbo and jambalaya is made in large batches and served in to-go plastic containers. The overall feeling is that of a tired and outdated institution that may have been something at its peak but has forgotten that it takes work to be great. Pros: the cornbread muffin.
2 I always thought that po' boys were stuffed and overflowing with ingredients. Sadly, this one wasn't. Definitely not worth the $10.50. I ordered the shrimp po' boy and had to open up the sandwich to see where the shrimp were hiding. There were about seven little shrimp. Sadness. It's a good thing I opened the sandwich because hiding inside were two slices of lemon. Peel and all. Was I supposed to eat it like that?  I like a squeeze of lemon on seafood, but I'm not one to eat the peel. :/On the bright side, their sweet potato chips are perfect. Crunchy and not greasy.  Reminder to self....just order the chips.
5 We saw a television segment on the Farmer's Market, and were interested in many of the food stalls.It was early, around 10:17 a.m. and not crowded at all. Since we were there for breakfast and leaving soon, I had to get some gumbo! The small seafood gumbo, with mustard potato salad and cornbread is $8.75.The portion was large, probably larger than the amount of the gumbo...who wants to eat that much potato salad? The gumbo was good, not that spicy, but too spicy for my 7-year-old, the potato salad was too spicy for him too. I enjoyed it the brown rue on top of rice. Maybe I should have ordered a large bowl to help me finish off all of the potato salad. I think the gumbo cooks for over six hours!
3 I spent nearly 20.00 on this meal and was disappointed and that's being kind. When I think on a shrimp PoBoy I have visions of thick succulent shrimp bellowing from the bread. Instead I got a thin diet looking sandwich with lemon slices on it maybe 6 shrimp total. The shrimp jambalaya taste like overcooked tomato rice and burnt sausage. This was a total disappointment
3.5 This place had me so excited. That chose not to eat a New port beach and came here. Well, considering I walked by one customer who only collards, rice and pintos. This should have been my sign to not order any seafood and buy side orders. Highly disappointed that there was no snapper or Étouffée at 3pm ????? You have lots of hours to go. We ordered the soft shell crab meal and shrimp platter. Had to pay 2.00 extra to get rice and beans on the shrimp platter. That's ridiculous. Those are very cheap items, everyone does not eat collards. Our food was a little over $30 with no drinks!!!!!!! This ridiculous. I was still hungry after receiving my food. The grease needed to be changed. Last serving a corn muffin with seafood fried in cornmeal.. it's just team too much gritty product. At least the collards were excellent, but didn't receive my money's worth
4 I read mixed reviews on this place and I thought I would give it a whirl. The food was delicious! I ordered the jambalaya. It came with a corn muffin and a side. I got a side salad with it. It was a lot of food for a great price. If you're not as hungry, I recommend ordering a side of it as opposed to the meal. The jambalaya itself could have been a little spicier but that all depends on preference. It was very good and reminded me of New Orleans. I would defiantly order it again, just admire hot sauce . The corn muffin was also yummy. And the side salad was super fresh.
4 And I am being generous! Horrible food and they don't give refills with their stupid expensive drinks.
3 Horrible. I really wanted this place to be good. I am from the south and i really expected a good po-boy. Gross.The seafood was fried in very old grease, the bread is not authentic po-boy bread rather a hogie roll which is not very good quality roll at that. They also do not completely fill the sandwich with toppings as stated in other reviews.Dont waste your money try another place.
4 Feh. The gumbo isn't inedible by any means. It is a fine effort and they give it the ol' college try. But it falls short of the rich complexity I've found at Harold and Belle's, and I wouldn't commit the dubious inequity of comparing it to anything within the state lines of Louisiana.Technically that's comparing moss with shaving cream. The Gumbo Pot is significantly cheaper than H&B's gumbo, which clocks in at a cardiovascular-seizing $13 for a small bowl. The alligator is so rubbery, it could be used as spare wheels for a skateboard.The merits of the Gumbo Pot reside less in its dismissible food and more in its bustling location, deep within the dizzying labyrinth of the Farmer's Market. This is a place to appreciate a reasonably competent bowl of gumbo, rice and beans, cornbread and a cold drink while watching the relentless procession of shoppers scored by a cacophonous soundtrack of babble, crying babies and Mandarin knoodling.
4.5 Ugh, I'm sorry, but I was expecting a lot more since there was a long line for this place. I figured I never get Cajun food and was definitely in the mood for gumbo so why not. Got the Gumbo which was over rice and it was bland, super watery and didn't have enough flavor. It was so disappointing, I didn't even have the heart to take a picture. It came with a side of rock hard and dry cornbread. I chose collard greens which were okay with the hot sauce they put out. Otherwise, the gumbo had practically no seafood in it and no flavor. Sad to say I won't be coming back.
3.5 Meh... I was excited, but soon disappointed. I ordered an oyster po' boy, raw oysters, and red beans & rice.  Everything was just OKAY, AVERAGE.  The oysters were passable, both raw and fried. The beans & rice taste like those of a novice cook. The bread on my po' boy was drrryyyy - no butter, no grill marks, no nothin'  #firstworldproblemsLike I said, I had high hopes, which were soon dashed. But, I guess if you don't have any exposure / experience / roots with this style of cuisine, (HINT, HINT, read between the lines)..... You might not know any better. Enjoy!As for me and my tastebuds, I'll be at Orleans & York.
4 I don't know why I didn't read the reviews beforehand for this place. Thank you, fellow yelpers, for trying to warn me. I have failed you.Overpriced but it's located in the Grove farmer's market so honestly, what can you expect. The jambalaya was a bad mixture of salty and spicy, and there was so little sausage inside. There were also hardly any other ingredients in the jambalaya. The cornbread was not bad, but you can't really mess that up. I also ordered lemonade but they left that off the receipt.So many better food choices in the farmer's market, but I just had to go this place. Sigh. Disappointed.
4.5 Went to Gumbo Pot but was disappointed.  Ordered a bowl of jambalaya.Only problem was there was no meat, nothing.  Just rice in a tomato type sauce.  I have had Jambalaya in New Orleans and it was full of sausage, chicken, etc.  Here it was just rice.  Expecting not to go back.
4 I came here after my housemate told me how awesome it was. He came here multiple times with his girlfriend and said nothing but great things, so finally, I decided to try it for myself. However, veering off of his suggestion to order the Jambalaya, I decided to blaze my own path in this New Orleans adventure and order the Shrimp and Oyster Po'Boy. I decided to add a side of Gumbo to it though, after hearing my housemate's incessant rant. The Po'Boy was a bit messy however very delicious with tons of flavor in the Oysters and Shrimp. The bread was okay. As for the gumbo, cooked extremely hot (temperature wise) but nevertheless, worth getting. The cornbread was problematic; very dry and not very good at all. I'd be willing to say I'd go back here and try maybe the Jambalaya, if only to find out what the craze is all about.
4 This place is such a rip off. $14.50 for a TINY piece of "blackened" catfish. It wasn't blackened but BURNT...there is a big difference. Not worth the money at all.
4.5 I would probably give 1.5 stars. A bit overpriced but to be expected at the farmers market. Gumbo had no flavor. Peel and eat shrimp seemed to have been frozen, de thawed, refrozen. Texture of them was terrible. We went toward the end of the evening but still. If it's not quality anymore-- don't serve it.
3.9 0-1 Star  So disappointed! The Gumbo Ya Ya & Jambalaya tastes so stale & old just like the other reviews I had read only after the fact of buying it.  Lesson of the day:  Sometimes it's good to read the reviews before a purchase. Cornbread old & stale. The greens thumbs down  and the Jambalaya taste like someone just threw tomato  paste in it with no flavor. The carrot  salad may have been the only thing we could stomach.  We unfortunately had to trash it all and say goodbye to our hard earned money.  And yes, the charge for the credit card was absurd! So sad .  This restaurant needs a serious makeover.  Change the recipes and bring in more experienced New Orlean chefs but it's totally misguiding to advertise that they have the best gumbo in town!  Just saying..
4.2 The selection is amazing but the food was less than average. I had a side order of Jumbalaya and it was pretty bad. The portion was generous but it was not good a side order of beans and rice was better but average at best. The sesame ginger noodle salad, well the noodles were good but the vegetables were cut up way to big and the chicken was served cold. The chicken tasted good but I'm not used to eating cold chicken with an already cold salad. Had I know that the chicken was cold I would not have order chicken with the salad. The young lady at the register was nice and patient and she had a sunny, genuine disposition. Thank you. The order did not take long and the rest of the people also seemed to also be friendly.
1 Damn this place is packed!We had to park @ The Grove parking structure and walk!We had their shrimp and fresh snapper po' boys w/ rice and beans..both came on a french bread with lettuce, tomato, mayo, and thin slices of lemon..They weren't bad..just a little stingy with their shrimps & fish..and just a little bland O.oBoth po' boys were about $9 each..these are not a 'poor boy's lunch'and $6 for a small cup of rice and beans?They made me a poor boy..xPWill come back to try their gumbo ya ya and stuff. :]
1 A friend of mine who lunches @ the farmer's market frequently, kept raving about the Gumbo Pot. One day we found ourselves there and we hit up the Gumbo Pot. She ordered a small bowl of the Jambalaya so I decided to order the same since I was a jambalaya virgin. I had some reservations about ordering the small bowl, I didn't think it would fill me up. It ended up costing me less than $5! What a steal! I was so FULL but it was so great that I kept eating and eating even though I was SO FULL it hurt! I felt like Violet from Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory. No joke!!! you could have knocked me down on my side and rolled me outta there!So in case you didn't get that..... I WAS SOOOO FULL...... trust me go with the smaller portion it's yummy and unbelievably filling!
2 I just got back from my first visit to Gumbo Pot at the Hollywood and Highland Center. I've walked by the location at the LA Farmers Market and have always been tempted to try their Gumbo. I finally had my chance when they opened one near me.  They do validate which gives 2 hours for $2 at the main Hollywood and Highland Parking structure off Highland Avenue next to the Renaissance Hotel.I looked at the menu on their website so I had an idea of what I wanted. The Gumbo Ya-Ya and the fried chicken.  They said they didn't have fried chicken which was odd, maybe this location has a slightly different menu??  Funny thing is that they do have the fried chicken salad which I got instead.  I got the order to go and was  surprised how unappetizing the food looked.  I took pictures and will post them.  Th Gumbo was on the salty side and the fried chicken looked old and nasty.  I haven't tried the chicken yet and I'm not sure if I'm going to as I'm a bit grossed out at the moment.So.......the food wasn't impressive but my in-store experience was even odder.  When I walked into a very empty store, a gentleman worker (who might have been the cook?) was standing to the right of the counter in front of the soda fountain.  As I walked in he just stared at me and when I said hello, he gave me a nod. I walked  up to the empty counter and it took a few minutes for someone to notice I was there. My problem is that this male worker was standing right there, he could have gone to the back to call one of the workers to take my order, instead he just stood around.  I doubt he is the manager because  if he were, he should be fired.  After a good 3 or 4 minutes two girls came out and they were very friendly. As she was asking me what I would like to order, the same guy  suddenly came over and decided to confront the girl and asked where she was.  This was happening as I was starting to say my order. I had to stop, the girl at the counter looked shocked and just told him she was getting back from break.  But he was hounding her to the point where it was very rude to her but even more towards me as I was a customer waiting to order.  He finally stopped talking but still stood there as I ordered,. I finished ordering, he went to the back and my food came right out.  It's obvious there was some tension there and I don't know what the guys problem was...maybe this girl is flaky? Whatever the case he should not have acted the way he did in front of me. As a first time customer and a person who lives down the street (not to mention a big yelper) he made my experience quite unpleasant.I was happy the food came out very quickly because I wanted to get the heck out of there!!!!  The 2 girls working were very pleasant, I think I just walked into a tense moment.    I'm not really sure if I'll be going back...and I don't plan to recommend this location to anyone I know.
4 Okay, I admit that I'm a total pushover sometimes, but if people mess up on my order, I usually have no problem asking them to fix it.  Usually.  But when those people are over six feet tall and look mean as hell...I'd rather quietly take my food and eat whatever I'd been given.  That's exactly what happened at The Gumbo Pot.  I ordered the Gumbo Ya-Ya cuz I like my food spicy, but after a long wait, the man behind the counter handed me a bowl of seafood gumbo.  He had a total "no nonsense" look on his face and he towered at least a foot above me.  He glared at me when I just asked for an extra spoon.  Fine...seafood gumbo it is.  It turned out to be pretty flavorful, but come on...the "shrimp" were tiny, and I couldn't even find any pieces of crab!  Totally not worth the $7.99.  I do give them props for their cajun chicken wings and their cornbread, though...those were delish.  I don't think I'd visit The Gumbo Pot again, seeing as how there are so many other options at the Farmer's Market, but if you're really in the mood for gumbo and you don't mind waiting in line...I guess I wouldn't stop you.
1 I actually really like this spot. I don't know why this place has such bad result. Its a pretty decent place for being a spot in a food court. I have tried several places here at the Market Place and this is definitely my top three. Maybe I don't know the "authentic" gumbo but if it tastes good to me, its good enough for me. I have tried all the gumbos here but my favorite is the Gumbo Ya-Ya. I was surprised that when you order the gumbo, you get a side and I always get the mustard potato salad because I love that sour tangy flavor. It also comes with this corn-bread muffin that goes really well with the gumbo. The gumbos are very well flavored and has several different veggies and sausages. The food comes out quick and it always comes out hot and ready. If you like the hot spicy soup with a lot of flavor, this place is definitely worth a try! The large is about $13 which is a few bucks more than the small but the large provides more for the buck!
5 This is probably my favorite place to get a solid meal at the Farmer's Market.  The seafood gumbo can be hit or miss....but the thing is, even when it's a "miss," I still love every bite.  At its worst, it's a thick vegetable soup with rice and a prawn or two.  At its best, it's a seafood party in my mouth!  So if it wasn't quite what you were expecting once, don't give up completely.  Also, the crab is shredded, not chunks, and hides well in the veggies.  It's there, though, I promise!!WIthout fail, I always order a small bowl of seafood gumbo, a side of sweet potato chips, and a lemonade.  The chips and cornbread help battle the heat the gumbo packs.  It's not necessarily spicy, but daaamn it is HOT.  And let's be real, I'm not patient enough to let it cool.  Much easier to stuff some cornbread in my mouth before a spoonful of gumbo, and hope I don't burn my mouth (again).Bonus points for having Cafe du Monde coffee and beignets!
2 I got a bowl of soggy okra vegetable soup with a few pieces of shrimp and they called it "seafood gumbo"  The main ingredients were salt and disappointment.  Avoid this house of lies.
1 If you're anticipating this place to be the most authentic, up-scale NoLA style food... then you will be disappointed. Look elsewhere because the Gumbo Pot is simple, non-pretentious casual fast-food Cajun food. It is definitely unique and nice for a quick meal after a day of shopping at the Grove. With that said, I really liked the food at The Gumbo Pot. NoLA style food is not too easy to come by in L.A. I was so excited to see the menu featuring my beloved collard greens, and hush puppies! I ended up ordering the daily fish of cajun salmon with those side orders. The salmon had a kick of spice and was on the salty side, but good! I adored the collard greens and hush puppies -- super comfort food. And last but not least, the beignots were so soft, fluffy, sweet and wonderful.Not bad for a food court place in the Farmer's Market. It was worth my visit for a quick lunch.
5 I like indulging in fried food every now and then, and the food here was not worth the calories. I ordered the fried catfish (2 stars). The cornmeal breading was a tad too much for me. The cornbread (2 stars) tasted okay but would have been better warm. The collard greens (3 stars) was a good side to complement the catfish. The hush puppies (1 star) were a bit hard or maybe fried too long. I've never had beignets before, and these was were bigger than I expected. I ordered the chocolate beginets (3 stars). They were very hot and a powdered sugar mess. It was like a donut but not very sweet even with addition of the small amounts of chocolate filling. Just like many other spots in the Farmer's Market, it's a bit pricey for so so food.
1 With so much to choose from in the Market, The Gumbo Pot is a big miss.The jambalaya was just ok. I could make better. Nice to order up 1/2lb crawfish but they need a kick. How about an option for Cajun Fire and regular?Mustard greens potato salad was good but they're out of alligator, oysters and callard greens. What do you have?It's there so I tried it Doubt I'll be back
4.2 I ordered (1) Large Gumbo, which came with a side of your choice.  I went with the sweet potato chips which came with a corn bread biscuit.  Size of the Gumbo was small for $15.  Sweet Potato chips were amazing, once I reheated them in the toaster oven.  The corn bread was dried out, nothing special.  Let's get the the Gumbo.  Shrimp very small, almost not visible, the sausage and chicken were great, lots of taste,  I am from New Orleans so I was praying for an incredible bowl...well, I think Popeye's would give you a better flavor profile for 1/4 of the cost.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't remediable.
3.7 I had seafood gumbo which came with a side and cornbread, and I also got a mint iced tea. The food tasted good, was quickly served, wasn't too expensive, the portions were decent, and the person who helped me was friendly.
4 Now that I've been in L.A. for nearly four years now, I've tried my fair share of kiosks at the Farmers Market. To be completely honest, I've never been floored by any of the food here, but that's to be expected.I was feeling something more on the savory side today, something I couldn't get near downtown, so we decided to go to The Gumbo Pot, which touts a great selection of Creole food. Feeling kind of homey, I decided to go with their gumbo yaya. The great thing about this place is that if you're hungry, the food comes out in just a couple of minutes since everything is already set out in steaming hot pots. If you're hungry but not starving, get the small even though it looks tiny. They are very generous with their sides, and also give you a big ol' piece of cornbread.I thought my gumbo was good, but not amazing. My friend's jambalaya was pretty good. I have to say that my favorite part of the meal was the collard greens -- really well done and super flavorful.I think The Gumbo Pot is one of the better places at the Farmers Market, but it's up to you in terms of what kind of food you're looking to eat.
3 I dig in to the hush puppies and they are... crunchy as all hell. Not being a food expert by any means. I recorded the taste as being something my mouth didn't want to have in it. So, moving on... Next, the side of gumbo. As always, it was great... not amazing, but just want I wanted. Now, time for the sandwich. It visually looked like something was wrong. I took a bite, it started out great, but then the taste of violent lemon is shooting through my mouth.They had put in slices of lemon, with the peal, just like a tomato. WHAT! A LEMON!!! It made my whole face cringe the second I tasted it. The first thing that jumped into my head was Gordon Ramsay on Hell's Kitchen throwing in on the floor and saying, "What the SHIT is that, are you trying to fucking kill me?""Fuck it! My mouth and I give up!"Thank you,MEAT ME!aka Sean Rice
4 I really like this place. They are fast, generous with their portions, reasonably priced, offer a range of hot sauces, offer many vegetarian options -- heck, I could go on and on.  Let me just spare you a lot of verbiage: This is a fine option at Farmer's Market.   In particular, I love their red beans and rice (both the traditional -- i.e., meaty -- version, and the vegetarian version), and all of the sides.   Still quite a few things I have not tried, but I'm patient, and I've got time.  Thanks, Gumbo Pot!
4.5 Had the $20 for two people Groupon.  Going to the Farmer's Market is always fun.  Yes parking can be hard but it's such a great LA experience that it's worth it.  I'd honestly never even seen the Gumbo Pot at the Market so I was excited to try it out.  The service can best be described as "perfunctory".  They'll get you your food but don't expect much in the way of "Please" and "Thank You".  You order at the counter and hope you hear your order number called (we didn't even though we were sitting right next to the place) to pick up your food.  We had the fried okra ($3.25 - not bad!), the shrimp platter ($12.25 with a choice of side - I chose the creole mustard potato salad and it was much too spicy for me!) and she had the traditional jambalaya ($10.25) - which was so spicy I couldn't even try it but she really liked it.   I was surprised that the iced tea was fresh brewed and not "sweet tea"...  pleasantly surprised!  This is OK for an occasional Cajun craving.  I'm not a huge fan of this style of cooking but if you are, this is a decently priced casual option.
4 Maybe you don't have to fly over to the Big easy and have these at Cafe Du Monde.  Give it a try!  As for the food, a subpar effort for Cajun style cuisine
3.5 We passed by the Gumbo pot Monday and the shrimp smelled rotton.  Yesterday, on Tuesday, March 26th someone bought fish and brought it to the bar to eat and it smelled so bad we had to run away.  Stop selling bad food!
4.5 Had the Gumbo Ya Ya, large bowl. Good food, well flavored, had a green salad with it to compliment the dish. I couldn't finish the whole bowl, sadly enough. The cornbread was amazing and I thought the rice was perfectly cooked. I also tried another dish which I didn't like as much, would come back for the Ya Ya though. Was pleasant to sit and eat in de shadow under one of the umbrellas in front of the place.
4 Eh. This was quite a disappointment because I LOVE cajun/creole food.The Jambalaya here is beyond bland. It lacks of flavor and meat. I don't know if I just got some of a mediocre pot. I probably should have got the red beans and rice which looked a lot more delectable. I got a side of Jambalaya which was a little under $5, and they had a credit card minimum so I had to get one additional thing to use my card. I got hush puppies for a couple of dollars. The hush puppies were brunt and the definition of bland. MAYBE, maybe I'll give it a second chance but as of now, this place is the definition of bland to me.
4 I used to come here regularly when I worked a few miles away on WIlshire and La Cienega when they first opened.  It's still just as good as ever.  I really like their jumbalaya. I've also had their Po Boys and gumbo, corn bread, sweet potato chips, etc. But my Creole sister in law still makes Shrimp creole and jambalaya better than anyone else, so I'm biased.  Still, this restaurant can hold their own against many places, even some restaurants in N'awlins just in terms of the jambalaya and a few other dishes.  My favorite thing to eat here, though, is the beignets and cafe au lait. I always order that, no matter what else I order. Sometimes it's all I eat here.  It is served super hot with ample powdered sugar.  It's puffy and airy inside with the yummy combination of crunch and lightness in texture.  It's not exactly like going to the Big Easy and sitting at Cafe Du Monde. But there are few places in LA you can get real beignets (cajun for "donut").   You may not like having to sit outside like all of Farmer's market cafes.  It's fun though, and there are lots of distractions around, like all the tourists and expensive pretty fruit, gourmet stores, and bakeries. But I like this place for the food.  It's sometimes really crowded on weekends and lunch, and you may not find a seat nearby, or a seat at all.  Just keep walking around and you'll b ok. I wanted to add that this stand is older looking, crowded, and the smell of Cajun spices and seafood is yummy to some and a turnoff for others.  Not everything here may be to your liking.  And they may be inconsistent at times.  But the food for what it costs is more than reasonable.  The counter help over the years has been a variable lot, from actor wanna be's, to blond hair dudes with braids and beards, to goth, and even average looking types.  Imagine that.
4 A great place to grab a fish dinner while you are listening to the free summer concerts at the Farmers Market. Quick friendly service too. A friend got the Seafood appetizer plate and I was "Whats that? I have to have that."  It was only about $11 - and I really enjoyed it. Shrimp, crawfish and oysters.  Match that with a beer or wine from across the way, and its a great low carb dinner. Funny how as I was walking back to my table, people were just fixated on my plate. Two people asked what it was and where did I get it. It looks that good.Good food at a great price, with great music on the patio.
4.2 After watching Top Chef, which was hosted in New Orleans, I was craving some good southern food.  I dragged a bunch of my friends out to The Gumbo Pot for some good eats.  I was surprised to find that it's a counter and not a restaurant.  I guess i didn't read the reviews well enough since it is in the Farmer's Market at the Grove.  No problem.  Ordered some crawfish etouffe with red beans and rice, collard greens, and cornbread.  I also ordered a jambalaya with sweet potato salad and cornbread for the boy.  Lastly, had to top it off with an order of beignets.  When I went to New Orleans I couldn't get enough of the beignets, so I couldn't pass up this opportunity.As Alexa said, the crawfish etouffe was PACKED full of crawfish.  I was impressed by how many there were.  Every bite had a piece in it.  yuuumm.  It hit the spot, especially on a chilly evening.  It even tasted good when I ate the left overs the next day. =PThe red beans and rice were okay.  The sausage in it was yummy.  I think I like the red beans and rice at pop-eye's better. hah.  The collard greens needed a little salt, but I think that was because mine was from the top of the pot.  My friend also got some and her's were nicely seasoned.  The jambalaya was also very tasty.  My boyfriend loooved it.  One of the best he's tasted.Lastly, do NOT save the beignets for last.  EAT DESSERT FIRST!!  They got cold as we enjoyed the great food and were not as enjoyable as I had hoped, but no worries, I will be back to try more!
4.2 We had the Seafood Gumbo and the Traditional Jambalaya. Very delicious  I highly recommend this if your ever craving Gumbo or Jambalaya.
3 This review is for the one located inside The Grove.  One star for the nice guy (the nephew of the person who owns this joint) who took our order. Gumbo, gross. Cornbread, dry. Fried Chicken Salad w/ Pecan Dressing, disgusting. They microwaved chicken for this salad and me, being a seasoned cook, knew this chicken was OLD... it was also very rubbery and was lukewarm on our plates.  The chicken color was dark brown, almost black... very BAD MEAT. It really was disgusting.  And it cost a lot.  Also, my friend found a HAIR in her drink and it wasn't her hair - black hair in drink and she's a red head.  Pic provided. Save your money, time and spare your taste buds.  You've had better.
1 Very very bad food, don't even go anywhere near. Over priced and terrible food. I  was looking for some seafood and when I saw it in farmers market I wanted to check it out. Boy was I disappointed with the quality and the taste. Please never ever go to this place.
5 BF's Mom came to visit us all the way from louisiana and we took her to the Grove to shop and came by the farmers market for lunch. BF was craving cajun food so The Gumbo Pot seemed like the perfect place to go.We got the blackened catfish with a side of sweet potato salad. The portion of catfish that we got was tiny. Maybe only 5-6  ounces. The cornbread was average. I really enjoyed the sweet potato salad even though I couldn't taste the sweet potato, it was very similar to coleslaw since the sweet potato was uncooked.The gumbo and jambalaya both looked amazing though so I think we'll get it next time we go.
5 Came here with the little brother. Was expecting rich, explosive flavors... but really just got bland Jambalaya. I was actually really disappointed. It was okay.. something was missing in the flavor combo. Everything was cooked right...rice not too mushy, sausage just the right amount of spice, combination of meat vs rice was good...but the flavors were just poor. Also, for $10+ the portions definitely was not worth it in my opinion.With the Jambalaya and all the other entrees you get it with one side (collard greens/fries etc) and it comes with corn bread.I've never really had genuine, good, authentic, New Orleans cuisine...but I'm not too sure this is a good representation of that.
3 Gumbo, no yaya...got the dinner. The smallest shrimp I've ever seen and only three! Sausage bits...cold corn bread, no butter. It's like a hamburger with no ham.
4 There was a jazz combo playing at this end of the Farmer's Market, so seating was at a premium.  Wish we'd gotten there earlier, but that seems to be the story of my life.  It was nearly the end of the music AND the food, so we had to make a quick decision.  With memories of our recent trip to NOLA, we picked the Gumbo Pot.  It was okay for Cajun fast food, but isn't likely to knock Commander's Palace out of competition anytime soon.I got the Gumbo Ya-Ya, and picked cole slaw, the day's special side as my side dish.  The gumbo was tasty enough, but not enough kick for the cuisine.  The cole slaw was anything but special; it was inedible.  Tough and dry.  I'm not a big fan of cornbread to begin with, and this one was particularly ordinary.My husband had the blackened salmon, along with sweet potato salad, and he enjoyed it a lot.It was okay, but we wouldn't rush back.
2 This is just disgusting nasty food. This is why they dont have pictures on the menu and have such a low rating. I haven't eaten such a crap for years.
3 beware fraud who ever makes food makes it with no soul this is a rip off i dont know how there still in business nasty food gumbo nobo no shrimp crab, not only was there no crab they say its imatation crab now new orleans dont do fake fish shrimp size of a salad shrimp dont waste money here if u know good. soul food u wont b here high priced smh seafood platter. 2 smaal fish 6 small ex small dried over cooked shrimp now what gumbo comes with rice already mixed in with it no no theres no soul in this food no love just a mess needs to be shut down total waste of money
3 Best beignets in Los Angeles.  Good place to go if you are craving New Orleans style food.  Went there recently as we were craving muffuletta sandwiches.  Reason I said 4 stars instead of 5 is because the bread was overwhelming the meats.  I would recommend increasing the olive spread and perhaps baking the bread a tad thinner.  But, that is hair splitting.  It is a great place.  I have seen the staff exhibit inordinate patience dealing with some of the folks in line.Go eat!
4 I can only imagine that all these five-star reviews are from five-star people who've never set foot in New Orleans.  The food at the Gumbo Pot is decent and nothing more.  It's like a blurry Xerox of the real thing.  Their beignets are average, the red beans and rice is oke, the fried catfish po' boy (which I had this very day) a disappointment with barely any catfish inside the huge roll.  The gumbo is also oke but nothing special.  Still, where have all the cajuns gone?  There used to be a number of good little cajun jernts in LA, but now, as far as I can tell, there's only the Gumbo Pot.  The help is very nice, and it is pleasant to sit outside and watch the tourists and all the out of work screenwriters working on their "screenplays."
3.5 My first Gumbo ever. Gumbo Ya Ya from their menu is a bowl (Small or Large) of gumbo, with cornbread and your choice of a side sallad or sweet potato chips.The gumbo supposedly contains shrimp and andouille sausage, but these were scarce in my bowl. The shrimp was overcooked and teeny-weeny. The gumbo tasted good, but I can't compare it to any other gumbo as it was my first time trying this dish.But something tells me that this wasn't authentic Gumbo. Not surprised..The cornbread was just A-OK and same with the Sweet Potato chips.It wasn't really anything that wow-ed us, and I am pretty sure that my next bowl will be somewhere else. Perhaps in New Orleans. However, they have a big selection of sandwiches and variations of Gumbo, so you might find better options.There are plenty of seats just next to the shack.
4 This place is Horrible and has gone down hill. The crab cakes were not crispy and COVERED in grease. The service is slow, everything is premade and not fresh anymore.Today they threw away my meal. That's right...I got up to go get butter for my cornbread and some cocktail Sauce and threw away my half eaten food when I was up for one second. I tried to flag her down when she had my tray, but she threw all of my food on the garbage. I told her what happened and SHE TRIED TO GIVE ME MY FOOD BACK BY PULLING OUT OF THE GARBAGE !!!!!! Horrible service!
4 Solid cajun food stall in the Farmer's Market on 3rd Street. It's got lots choice and scrumptious strawberry lemonade...I had a seafood gumbo with a choice of sides.Sitting outside and watching the people - tourists, locals, screenwriters was all good. Just good vibes.
3 i had the gumbo yaya.it came with corn bread (two), salad (you get one side) and rice inside the gumbo.so good. totally hit the spot.
4 I came with high hopes and a solid appetite.  I was extremely disappointed. The main reason one loves creole cooking is because it's busting with flavor, spice, and love!!! This had none.  The poboy was bland and had very little crawfish in it. Their put lemon wheels (with the skin still on) IN the poboy!!! The gumbo was bland and had hardly any spice to it. The sausage, chicken and shrimp in the gumbo were over cooked. My last chance for any kind of flavor of back home was the "Southern Style Sweet Tea" was NOT EVEN SWEET!!!! One of the worst meals I've had in LA so far. Not worth $18 at all!!!!
4.5 I should have yelped this place first. The gator gunbo was old and had random OLD pieces of shrimp in it. (Shrimps were tiny). Service could have beenn a little better but even then the red beans and rice was dry.Catfish fillet was good and the (spicy) collard greens were great. Wouldn't spend 15-20 bucks here for a plate especially when aoooo many options are available.
3.5 Sigh what can I say, this wasn't my first choice at the farmers market, but hey the boyfriend wanted to try it, I figured it won't be that bad......My boyfriend ordered the mix po boy, and I ordered the blackened chicken po bo and while they were making that order the boyfriend saw something else he wanted to try the Cajun meat pie.  Soo the mixed po boy was just ok I tried a piece but it was better than the blackened chicken po boy. I was so mad I spent $9 on this dry mess!! the little piece of chicken they had on the bread was hard (and when I say hard i mean like crunching pebbles hard) and dry!!! Never again will I try that mess!! The boyfriend was not satisfied nor was I.The only reason I am giving this place one star is for the Cajun meat pie, this was good or maybe it just tasted so good cause I was disappointed from the po boys!! The cheapest thing out of what we ordered was the best thing Go figure!! We both would have been happy with ordering just the meat pie.  I will go back for the meat pies only.
4 Great food! I enjoy the aligotor and corn bread very much. It's fried to perfection. This definitely a #CheapNotBroke spot. Great prices. Reasonable  for two people
4.5 The oysters served on a half shell of so fresh and tasty!!! And a good price too. You have to get them! Also ordered the jambalaya which was good but nothing exceptionally special. It's also served very hot so be sure to take your time eating it or let it cool down. I'll definitely be back for the oysters.
4 I've held off a review of this Farmers Market staple for a while now. I'm afraid all the bad reviews are true. If you're hoping for a taste of the French Quarter please try some place else. I've had the jambalaya and gumbo here before and was disappointed. This early morning's visit was for an order of beignets and they were as tough as shoe leather. Even Disneyland can make decent beignets. If that wasn't enough it seemed the opening cook had an attitude problem and was annoyed at the world. A big F for both the food and the service here. This place is in desperate need of new management that actually gives a crap. What a waste of space in a prime location.
4 I'll give .5 star for uniqueness. And .5 star for the chance that I just picked the wrong item on the menu.Everything was all wrong! I ordered the blackened snapper with potato salad and a biscuit for about $10. The wait wasn't too long. But once I got my tray of food and saw two small, thin pieces of fish, I was a little disappointed. But no worries yet! I'm all about quality!At first bite, the snapper was pretty good. But after letting the taste sit for a few seconds, the burn came. It was incredibly spicy! My friend got the blackened salmon and couldn't even eat half of the fish. I tend to love spicy, but it was too intense for me. I had to "chase" each bite with some of my ordinary biscuit. The sweet potato salad was sort of terrible. It's shredded sweet potato with apples and raisins. Something was just very off about it. It had the weird texture and I just couldn't get myself to eat it.
4.5 Having been to New Orleans just a few months back, and having gone to the Gumbo Pot several times in the past 6 years, I can tell you that it is a poor representation of Cajun food.  Lucky for them, it's one of the only Cajun restaurants in all of Los Angeles.  The best Cajun restaurant that I had ever been to was Mardi Gras in Toluca Lake, which is unfortunately closed now.  They merged with Michael's across from NBC in Burbank.  I went there once but it wasn't the same. I had gumbo from Royal House and Acme Oyster Bar off Bourbon Street.  With andouille sausage, crawfish and oysters on the hall shell from Desire.  Turtle soup with sherry and Bananas Foster from Brennan's.  I had beignets from Cafe Du Monde three times before I left.  So so good.  I told the servers there that the food I had that weekend was the best Cajun food I had in ten years...which was the last time I was in New Orleans.Gumbo Pot is like an airplane/cafeteria meal interpretation of Cajun food.  I don't think anymore than that needs to be said about that place.  If you want to get a Cajun fix, try the Bayou Buster slice from Two Boots Pizza in Echo Park.  It's loaded with crawfish and Cajun spices.  Larkin's in Eagle Rock is a soul food retro-fitted home-style restaurant that has a decent Jambalaya.  The Boiling Crab in Alhambra is a great place for Cajun-seasoned seafood ala shrimp, crawfish, crab, etc.  Their gumbo is lousy though, I wouldn't recommend it.  If you really want good Cajun food, as I've learned, you have to go to the French Quarter.
4.2 Bought Jambalaya Traditional with sweet potato chips, cornbread and Shrimp Po boy cost $29. The jambalaya taste like it was from can barely had any sausage in it and very unseasoned. The sweet potato chips were good but they were cold. The cornbread was dry and had a long piece of gray hair in it. The shrimp Po boy was tasteless. To call it garbage is a compliment. It was straight TRASH!!!!!
4.2 What brought me here was to tryout their traditional Jambalaya, it has chicken and sausage with spicy rice. I thought i'd experience an out of the ordinary entree it only turned out to be okay, the Jambalaya was just plain and simple, maybe added seasoning would have worked out for me but it wasn't too bad, the taste level was acceptable and I like it piping hot!Theres not too many places like these, but I would like to add this place on the Louisiana style category if anyone is up for Gumbo. I would like to tryout their Cajun Meatloaf with a glaze of BBQ sauce? hmm...maybe when I stop by the Grove next time.
2 The workers were very friendly, and I liked their food. They gave me some samples to taste.So I ordered Shrimp Po'Boy $8.25. It comes with drink (yes, you can get refill) and a cup of gumbo. They have two gumbos, one is seafood and the other one is regular, I guess. I liked regular one better than seafood.I liked my sandwich but I wish there were little more shrimp in my sandwich.
1 Very good, I got the red beans and rice, the fried pickles, the hush puppies and the corn muffins.The red beans and rice and corn muffins were amazing, filling and cheap, (hush puppies we're OK and the fried pickles were sweet pickles, so if you like sweet pickles they were probably would be good).
2 I had the fried alligator and thought it was pretty good. I've never had alligator before, so I can't compare it to alligator from another restaurant, and all I can say is that "it tastes like chicken".I also tried the potato salad, but it lacked flavor and didn't taste very good. Also, the biscuit that came with the meal was really dry and didn't taste good either.The girl behind the counter didn't seem to know too much about the dishes, and it was obvious she hated working there.I'm not sure if I would come back.
5 Hooray for a new lunch spot at H&H.  Let me preface my rating by pointing out my criteria: good for lunch, fairly priced, decent portions and quality food.  I went with a friend today and we shared the following:The Muffuletta (whole) with a cup of Gumbo Ya Ya.Traditional Jambalaya served with mustard potato salad and cornbread.Beignets (half order = 2)If you've never have a Muffuletta (which I hadn't until today) it is a GIANT sandwich served with various italian meats, an olive salad (like a tapenade) heated and served with melted provolone.  Now I have no doubt that this is not the best Muffuletta I will ever have, but it is good enough to make me want to search out the best.  In other words, the French Quarter Muffuletta was more than passable with its huge portion, buttery bread and warm melted cheese.Now on to their namesake, and for all the right reasons aptly named!  The Gumbo Yaya was just the right balance of stuff and broth.  I don't like when the broth becomes clouded by all the stuff simmering too long in the pot.  With just the right amount of kick and flavor I will definitely be going back for the gumbo alone.I am used to a fairly dry Jambalaya that has a good bit of chunks in it.  Theirs is a little different and definitely packs a punch.  The meats are shredded and chopped and mixed in with the rice.  Then everything is simmered together in a big pot binding the flavorful concoction into a mouthful of Bam! (sorry Emeril).  I don't know that I could eat a whole order solo, but I would definitely enjoy grubbing on a side of this stuff.The potato salad (to my dismay) was a miss.  It wasn't bad, but it was a little bland.  I think a few more sprinkles of salt, and maybe a touch more mustard and we could have had a winner.Cornbread has perfect flavor.  It would've gone nicely with a side of butter to top it off.I have never had a beignet before today, so maybe this is how they all are.  But I was expecting it to be a little fluffier (and pardon me if I offend) and more like a Chinese donut smothered in powdered sugar.  The dough was a little more chewy than I was expecting.All that said, I will definitely go back and try more of their extensive menu, like catfish po'boys and drunken shrimp, might even brave the alligator tail.  If you choose to eat here, come with an appetitie and be sure to bring a friend.
3 Good prompt service, but small, small fried shrimp for the shrimp platter, and not much taste of seafood in the seafood gumbo. I think I found one strand of crab, and a few bay shrimp. The cocktail sauce for the shrimp platter was spicy and tomatoey, like a salsa almost. The side salads with chopped pecans, side of pecan dressing and jalapeño cornbread were generous and very good.
4 My favorite place! For those who say the cornbread is too dry.. Thats cause youre eating it wrong, silly geese! I dont care to elaborate either. Anywho. Favorite spot!
1 The gumbo pot is my go to at the farmers market at the grove. It's not the best New Orleans type food I've had, especially when comparing to the real thing, but it's enough to satisfy the craving. I usually get the oyster po boy or the fried catfish po boy. On first impression the sandwich is huge but it is mostly bread and could definitely use a few more pieces of seafood in it. It does taste good though and I like the slice of lemon they put in. The lemon makes it a little different and adds a nice subtle acidity to the po boy. I've also had the fried okra and hush puppies. They're alright. Definitely use the sauce they provide with those sides for some added flavor. The best part of the meal is finishing it off w a beignet. I love the eggy lightness and powdery sweetness of a freshly fried beignet.
1 Two stars for the salad it was good. This is not creole food dont waste your money. Staff was nice but i am sitting here honestly thinking "would a dog eat this" NO i dont like negative reviews but i really had my hopes up and mouth watering to the thought of gumbo. DONT do it to yourself.
1 The gumbo pot is a nice place to try. They have so many choices on the menu. I got a soft shell crab sandwich and beignet!! They put a whole crab in the sandwich. It is lightly breaded and the whole thing is edible which is good. The beignet is good. I ate 3 of them to myself!!
1 The Gumbo Pot seems unassuming and low-key. It is deservedly so.The jambalaya looked about right, but in my mouth, became a soggy tomato. There was hardly any meat ... or even spices. Literally, all I could taste was tomato. The accompanying cornbread ($.85) also looked like a steal! But turned out to be hard and stale - the pieces of corn within hurt my teeth :/The best part of the meal was the parking validation!
3.5 So.... to start, this 1 star goes to the sweet cashier. I've eaten here at least 3 times, but it's been about 3 years since I was here. The cook and the manager have the most "wack" customer service ever. The cashier has to try to compensate for their lack of professionalism/service. We spent about $20 for 1 piece of bland red snapper and 7 small cocktail shrimp. The slogan is "Authentic Foods of New Orleans" but it taste like a bland dish you get in the wrong LA neighborhood. I understand you may want to give a small portion at a high price,  but at least make us feel good about eating the food.
4 First time trying gumbo and jambalaya and was not that impressed. Not too flavorful in my opinion.. I expected more. I don't recommend the gumbo- but the jambalaya is pretty good. The gumbo is not for the picky eaters that need to know what is in their food.. It's a brown mess that has a lot of chew, so if you can't handle the anxieties of not knowing what's inside, don't get it. The prices are fair and the food fills you up fast because it's a lot of starch- cornbread with each dish. The cornbread I got was pretty soft, although I read other reviews that it was rock hard.. Make sure to ask for a soft piece. Probably won't come back it was worth a try- any restaurant at the farmers market is worth trying. - if you regret your purchase there is a bar across from their station. Grab a beer and it will taste better.
4 My first time at the Farmer's Market and I was so lost, so much food to choose from lol My friend recommended this place and said it was really good and wanted to try it, so we did.I had the fried catfish dish and my friend ordered jambalaya and gumbo. I prefer his dishes over mine, except his mustard potato salad, that was kinda gross, the flavor was very bitter and weird, my face is cringing just thinking about it :/Anywho if you go order the jambalaya and gumbo for sure and for dessert don't forget about the fried donut batter thingy freaken beignets or however its spelled lol OH!!! One more thing anything you do DO NOT SNIFF THE POWDERED SUGAR!!!! IT BURRRNNNSSS!!! Yeah my friends told me to smell it and yeah those bastards got me!!!
3 For a different twist try their Cajun Meatloaf, it kind of grows on you with every bite. Yes, its part of Farmers Market and you will have to find seating at an outdoor picnic table, but that's what makes this older sibling of the Grove a part of classic LA.
4 Still visiting LA for business.  Strolled over to the Farmer's Market again.First, I must say that my mostly negative experience may have been my own fault.I may have failed with my ordering.  I mean the place is called "The Gumbo Pot".  I should have figured "Hmmm, maybe I should order some gumbo".  But, I didn't.  Nope, I had to go my own way.I have to admit that I saw a lot of people get plates of food here that looked a lot yummier than what I ended up with.I must also state that the staff was super friendly.While ignoring the name, I ordered a Shrimp Po'Boy, some sweet potato chips, and corn bread.The Po'Boy should have been called a Lettuce Po'Boy,   It was ok but nothing special.  Way too little shrimp.  Way too much lettuce.   It was also not on a soft french roll like I associate with Po'Boys.  It was a pretty hard roll.http://tinyurl.com/3nb863tThe sweet potato chips had the flavor fried right out of them.  The corn bread was simply hard as a rock.I had high hopes.  I was disappointed.  I think I may have to go back and give the gumbo a shot and maybe try some hush-puppies.  I love hush-puppies and its been a awhile.  They also have fried okra on the menu.  And there just are not many things I like in this world more than fried okra.
4.5 I haven't been to the Farmers Market in many years.  Decided to take my Mother here for lunch. I asked "isn't there a Creole Restaurant in here?" and we found The Gumbo Pot.  I was so disappointed with my self for choosing this place. I don't know what they think they are serving but it is not Gumbo! Whatever they are trying to pass off as gumbo was nothing more than a heavy chili looking tomato sauce with about 4 tiny little shrimp.Save your money and time don't eat here.
3.5 The seafood gumbo was just vegetable soup with a random shrimp every 5th spoonful and the texmex corn muffin had to be a week old. The vegetarian greens were diff for me with a ton of tomatoes in it.  I will not return.
4 Everything here is spicy. ..duh ..I know...But the beignets...thank u for making them so delicious and so close to the type in cafe du monde
4.5 If I could put zero stars, I would. The jambalaya chicken and shrimp dish looked like "dog sh*t ran over twice". It was as though this dish was sitting in pot for decades. It was over cooked rice with burnt a$$ sausages and no shrimp.
4 I came twice to The Gumbo Pot, the first time I ordered the Shrimp & Chicken Jambalaya, and I was not impressed. So the second time I went, I ordered the Mixed Plater (shrimp, oyster & catfish), although I did like the seasoning on the catfish and especially the cornbread, I was not satisfied with my order once more. Maybe the Southern Style Kitchen it's not my kind of food, but I really want to believe that there has to be something that I like. Claiming to be the best gumbo in town, and the authentic taste of New Orleans, I will take the blame and say that Southern Food ain't my kinda dish. Until one of there dishes will proof me wrong. But I seriously doubt that I will come back.
4 The Oyster Po'boy was a very expensive piece of bread, with oyster flavored cormmeal crust and a schmear of tartar sauce.  The lettuce was the best part!I keep going here as a matter of habit or didication, not sure which... but that has come to an end.  Too bad, there have been some good memories here!
4.5 Gumbo Ya Ya! Great place to eat after some hardcore shopping at the Grove.
3.9 Some say take it, others say leave it... I say take it!I've had my fair share of creole, but this is not bad. The flavors are great and the portions are generous.I had taste of my friends dish:Jambalaya, Traditional Recipe$8.50a spicy rice dish with chicken and andouille sausage; smoky and hot.It was very good, it comes with this cornbread, it is not very good, its dry, only way I was able to eat it was to dip it in the jambalaya.The sweet potatoe chips could have been cooked longer, they were in the middle between soft and hard... ehh...My actual dish I had was:Mixed Platter$10.50Shrimp, Oysters, and Catfish rolled in Cornmeal & FriedI really liked this dish, the batter was not heavy, the fish was the best of it, not dried out and was fresh.I'm sure you can't compare to so-called real creole like in New Orleans, but for was good.  My friends had complaints. But when they tried mine they wish they got what I did On a busy day like it was, the wait for my meal was about 10 minutes give or take.
4.2 I guess okay...but I saw signs like best gumbo west of New Orleans...that's definitely a lie.  The gumbo was okay but didn't have anything distinct or special about it. My friend got the French Quarter Muffuletta Whole...holy crap was that huge!! I'm not sure if they made a mistake, but he pretty much got 4 halves of a sandwich.  It was more bread than filling, and wasn't that interesting either, but it def was a lot of food.  So I guess will serve your craving for creole/cajun food, but don't go w high expectations.
3 I've never had gumbo before, so this review may be very generous as my sample comes from a pool of one. Nevertheless, I had a fabulous experience and loved the distinct kick of the Ya-ya. The Seafood was a tasty milder version, but after trying the ya-ya you really can't go back. Additionally all the gumbos come with a side of your choice and a corn-bread muffin. Win! If you're willing to share a large is a great option (and only a buck or so more) for two to try and save room to sample other vendors. Happy eating!
5 Best gumbo on the west coast !!! Well, at least it used to be. Not as good as it once was. But, still not bad.
3 Though I'm happy to see a large variety of choices on the menu, nothing really stood out as so much of it was fried and greasy.I was extremely thirsty and was happy to find that they served iced tea. It was described as house made mint-tea, which sounded really refreshing. After having iced tea in the South, I was hoping that it'd taste great, like authentic sweet tea with mint in it. But when I took my first sip, I immediately regretted my purchase. The tea was not sweet, the mint taste was light but artificial, and the whole drink just tasted like it was brewed weeks ago, not fresh at all.I also ordered the meat pie, which wasn't too bad. They give you two large hand pies, which was fried. It was a little oily, but the portion was nice. Would I come back? I'm not sure.
3 With parents who spent some of their youth in Louisiana, I've had a small share of Cajun fare growing up and I have to say that I enjoy the spicy and hearty flavor profiles of Cajun cooking. So on the rare occasion that I go to a Cajun food establishment, I just have to try their gumbo and apparently The Gumbo Pot boasts some of the best gumbo around.I ordered the gumbo yaya and it was fairly good. For a stew, it's consistency was pretty thin, but the flavors were there. Good spice to it. I got the creole mustard potato salad on the side, which was much different than I thought it'd be. The texture felt more like shredded carrots and the creole mustard was very light. It was a nice refreshing side though for the spicy gumbo. The cornbread was just okay. Bit too dense.While I'm not so sure if their gumbo is the best around, it's not bad either. I wouldn't mind trying some other food from them.
3 First time at The Gumbo pot after many years of hearing about it & reading about it. It had some extraordinary points & it had some very ordinary points. Not sure if it was because we went there during their last hour to hour and a half of business one Thursday night or what... But still. Good food should be good food whether a restaurant just opened or you're the last seating for the night.I ordered the shrimp po'boy. I've never had a po'boy, let alone an authentic shrimp one so I figured now was the time. It came out on a good sized roll. 8-10 inch bread. The shrimp was breaded and seasoned. Not big in size but tasty nonetheless. I kinda wish there was more shrimp but there definitely was shrimp in every bite. It woulda been nicer IMO if it was really packed with shrimp. It came with lettuce, some mayo and some lemon slices which I wasn't expecting a few bites into my sammich. I woulda preferred squeezing the lemon onto the shrimp rather than it being a part of the po'boy. Maybe that's what i was supposed to do... I was a first timer. I was not knowin. HA! But in all honesty, the problem was the bread. It wasn't stale but it wasn't good. At least I didnt think it complimented the ingredients of the sandwich at all. Not sure if it needed to be softer or fresher but it had to be better than it was.I also ordered the hush puppies. I loves me some hush puppies... These hush puppies were not worthy of love. They were overcooked, hard and depressing representations of what I've come to know & enjoy eating. I also tried to order what I thought I read on the menu as sweet tea but the nice lady behind the counter told it was plain ol' ice tea. I passed on that & went with some cherry lemonade. It was just ok.... I tried to order some sweet potato chips but they were all out. My friend got the blackened salmon on a bed of greens. Looks like she enjoyed her meal.... Overall my experience was just OK at The Gumbo Pot. Service was very friendly but the food disappointed me. Lesson learned... Get to the Farmer's Market earlier. Might have a better experience than I did.
2 3.5 stars.  It was my first time eating here.  The menu is pretty extensive, which to me, is good.  I didn't have the gumbo, but I had the fried oysters, jambalaya, collard greens, cornbread muffin, and peach cobbler.  I'll review each one:fried oysters - they were fried in a regular cornmeal batter.  I wish the fry batter was a cajun or spicy style.  Otherwise, not bad.jambalaya - pretty good, just the right amount of spicescollard greens - pretty flavorful with bits of onioncornbread - could have been sweeter and softer, but that's my personal preferencepeach cobbler - OK, could have had more peaches & cinnamon in it & a bit more sugarFriendliness of the cashier - She could have been friendlier with a smile.  She seemed tired and it wasn't that late in the day.  I'll give her the benefit of te doubt.Will I eat their food again?  Yes!
5 I wrote this on my phone last year but because Yelp didn't allow mobile posting back then I'm a bit behind in posting...05.26.2013Mixed po'boy = oysters + shrimpLooks= Too much bread, not enough shrimp or oysters. Taste= Mediocre. Could taste better if had more shrimp and oysters. Too much Bread taste.
1 If you've read my general review of the Farmer's Market, you'll be surprised to see a five star rating for one of the market kiosks but herein lies a five star rating that is truly deserved!In fact the only place truly worth eating at in the Grove Farmer's Market in my opinion is the Gumbo Pot. It's authentic, spicy, wholesome and proper Louisiana home cooking. The jambalaya is my favorite go-to dish but the gumbo is also delicious if you want shrimp in your dish. Collard greens, corn muffins and flavorful rice are staple side items that add an extra dimension to your meal among other options too but those are the ones I tend to choose.If you're up for oysters, it's $1/shuck too although it's not on the menu -- a friend of mine filled me in on the secret and ever since, when I'm in the mood, I'll get a couple 'sters and drizzle them with fresh lemon. Yum!
2 After a long and hot day on a tour bus in LA, I just wanted some good ol' comfort food. Our last stop was the Farmer's Market and as soon as I smelled the gumbo and southern cooking, I said yep this is where I'm eating. I ordered the chicken and sausage jambalaya and it was deeeelish! Worth the wait behind Jeffrey Ross (yes he is as smelly and dirty as he looks on TV). The spices and aroma of the jambalaya was incredible, the meal itself was probably not worth $11, but it was good. The cornbread that it came with was my favorite. It was hot and fresh, I probably could have ate a couple more pieces. I wouldn't say this is the best southern meal I've had but I wasn't disappointed. I enjoyed what I ate and may try the gumbo next time.
2 Female staff member taking orders wasn't very enthusiastic about the food or taking orders. Could've been having a bad day or maybe have been tired. Ordered the shrimp Poboy and shrimp were super small and greasy, bread was a little hard, didn't seem fresh. Was also confused as to why there were lemon slices in the poboy. This is suppose to be a New Orleans style restaurant, there are no lemon slices in a Mew Orleans shrimp poboy. The outside gives the vibe that you are about to eat authentic Louisiana Cajun food (minus the smell) , it's a facade.
4.2 I'm sure the "Cajun" food at The Gumbo Pot could pass as authentic to anyone who has never had the real thing. This restaurant probably started with good intentions but has probably made so many compromises/concessions that they have strayed from their alleged Louisiana roots. I grew up in southern Mississippi with family all over Louisiana, and I know good Cajun food.How to know if a "Cajun" restaurant is legit:  -Blackened does not mean burnt  -Any true Cajun restaurant will have an obnoxious amount of LSU paraphernalia as its staple decor  -While it is acceptable to not serve boudin, it is unforgivable to not know what boudin isThere are other ways to tell, but these are the ones that The Gumbo Pot missed
3.7 Taste, Value, & Service: 3 starsExpect mediocre food.  It is slightly overpriced for the quality & taste. The Gumbo Ya Ya (spicy chicken gumbo with shrimp and andouille sausage- 6.25 / 7.50) has a spicer and heartier taste than the Seafood Gumbo (shrimp, crab, and okra). --3 starsThe Farm-raised Catfish  Blackened on Cast Iron (7.50) comes with a wedge of lemon.  Taste was mediocre and dish is overpriced for the portion.  2.5 stars. The Jambalaya (spicy rice dish with chicken & andouille sausage) was slightly more robust in flavor (very spicy) compared to gumbo and catfish.  I recommend ordering this as a side for 3.25 or ordering it as a substiute side with one of the meals for 2.95.  3 stars.I don't recommend the sweet potato chips. It tasted a bit stale. Will likely return to try the sweet potato salad and the .99 per oyster on the half shell.
4 This place was not so good. This place is located in the farmer's market part of the Grove. I was so excited to find a gumbo and jambalya place but to my disappointment nothing was good. The corn bread was hard and stale and not soft like I expected. I'm glad there were pieces of corn inside but that was probably the best thing about it. I got the gumbo ya ya and it was way too salty. It was hard for me to finish it even though I wanted to finish at least the meat. Everything was just too salty that I couldn't finish it! HOpefully this place is not always like this.
3 Not sure how this place only has 2 stars. The service is AWESOME and the food is even better! I ordered the blackened salmon Poboy and was blown away by how big it was. It was so good that I ate it all. Will definitely be back when I'm in the area.
4 I bought a shrimp po boy, it sounded really good but the one I got here was a joke with 6 pieces of small shrimp! Come on! and the hush puppies were super small this is definitely not Louisiana cooking!
4.5 Having been a huge fan of Cajun food and simply just southern food - I was super excited to have found The Gumbo Pot on my last trip up to Hollywood. The place looked amazing - the design is very modern from the inside and outside. The front of the store is very welcoming, fun, and upbeat! Definitely gives off a modern day New Orleans jive. The inside is even more cooler. I really like the tables - they had either booths or benches. The lighting in the place gave off very nice ambience. And honestly, I could go on forever about the design of the place.The staff is very friendly though when we arrived they were standing around talking due to the fact that the store was empty. Which is understandable. They instantly became very attentive to us. The Gumbo Pot offers a wide range of food - from their gumbo, to sandwiches (Po'Boys!), salads, chicken, and desserts. For this visit I decided to order their Mixed Po'Boy (which is a blend of both shrimp and oyster) and a side of their seafood gumbo. The food didn't take long to come out which to me is great. The taste of the food however was mixed for me. I was a bit disappointed in my Po'Boy just because it didn't taste nearly as close to the Po'Boys I have had in the past (and I have had them all over the nation). It wasn't bad, but I wouldn't say it's the best. The sandwich was filled with a lot of lettuce and definitely not enough shrimp/oyster.The seafood gumbo was the same. It wasn't bad but it wasn't great. I also got to try some of the crawfish my friend ordered as well as his Ya ya gumbo. The crawfish was served cold which...I don't really care for. The taste didn't blow me out of the waters either. His Ya Ya Gumbo though, I honestly wished I had picked that one instead of the seafood gumbo. My other friend got the Jambalaya gumbo. That was okay. The potato salad that it came with was very distasteful though. I had to spit it out because it was that distasteful. Besides the fact that they made the texture very weird (it looked more like sushi crab meat) it tasted strange with coconut and pineapple or something!Overall I would come back here for certain of their menu items or if I am really hankering for some Ya Ya gumbo. Or if I am feeling very daring and try something else on their menu.
4 So disappointing. Came here for the Mardi Gras weekend and was hoping for authentic cajun food. We've been to New Orleans many time and love the food, never had a bad meal there. The Gumbo Pot was nothing like real New Orleans food. The gumbo was so bland and flavorless. I do not think it was even started with a roux. We also tried a muffuletta that we only ate a few bites of. The bread was heavy and dry with just a small amount of olive spread. The corn muffin and potato salad were ok, but definitely nothing special.
3.5 Me and the sissy came here for lunch one weekend.  After leisurely strolling and some points circling around the Farmers Market  we got down to business and narrowed down choices of where to eat and ended up here. We ordered up at the counter, found a nearby table, and waited for to pick up our order from the counter.  We had asked for 2 cups of water and when my sister came back with our order, she also had 2 empty cups. Apparently if you want cups of water, they'll give you the cups but you'll need to fill it from a nearby water fountain.My order:-Shrimp & Chicken Jambalaya -Side of Red Beans & Rice-CornbreadLoved my jambalaya...it was nice and spicy with a good amount of shrimp and chicken sausage. At one point towards the end of my meal I think I was sweating a bit.  Didn't love my red beans and rice...it was bland with no flavor whatsoever. Sister's order:-Shrimp Platter-Side of Sweet Potato Salad-CornbreadI had a shrimp from my sister's plate and the size of the shrimp were average. The good thing was the breading didn't overwhelm the shrimp.  The sweet potato salad was interesting and it looked more like strips of carrot from the vibrant orange color.  All in all our meals with 2 cups of water cost about $22 including tip.  I'd definitely come back but try something different like a shrimp po'boy.
4.5 This is a fairly popular place at the Farmers Market, located on the West End near the karaoke (which means it can get fairly loud on karaoke nights.) Most of y'all know the basics about Farmers Market so let's just get down and dirty and talk about the food.Seafood gumbo: It was chunky with plenty of okra, shrimp and crab meat. It wasn't as meaty as I had hoped (or as meaty as the menu proclaims it to be.) Flavor-wise, it was decent. Well-seasoned, but after a while, it started to taste bland. I think it could have been better.Fried seafood platter:  Can't go wrong with fried seafood and this platter offers shrimp and oysters. The cocktail sauce seemed homemade and was AWESOME.Collard greens: Loved these. The portion was generous (I couldn't finish it!) and was seasoned strongly. It had a kick, that's for sure.Drunken shrimp: This was REALLY good.  Only downside is it was served piping hot so you couldn't pig out on it right away. I burned my tongue when I dunked a huge piece of baguette in the broth. Still, very delicious and worth the order.Corn bread: The menu said it's awesome. It was just okay. A little dry, crumbly and bland.Beignets: A MUST for dessert. They're fried to order and covered with tons of powdered sugar.  I wasn't wowed by this place, but it's still good enough for me to go back and try more things. I'll def try the jambalaya next and more of their fried seafood. (That cocktail sauce!!!)
4 We had the shrimp po boy and the chicken and shrimp jambalaya, and both had some high and low points.The bread for the sandwich was simply terrible. Terrible terrible terrible. The garlic mayonnaise was very nice, so that helped. The fried shrimp were delicious. Perfectly cooked - crispy on the outside and succulent on the inside. However, the ratio of shrimp to bread was just wrong. They should serve the same amount of filling on half the amount of bread. By golly, please get some better bread. Next time, I would get side order of fried shrimp alone.The jambalaya came with cornbread and my choice of side. I love green, so I chose the vegetarian greens, which was the only greens available. To my surprise, the greens were delicious. I'm used to greens cooked with ham hocks, but these were quite flavorful without the meat. What a pleasant surprise. The cornbread looked good, but one bite into it, it was stale beyond belief. It tasted like it had been nuked over and over. The taste was fine, but the texture was bad. The jambalaya was okay though. The shrimp were miniscule, but were not tough. It could use a little more spice and seasoning though. I sprinkled some Louisiana Hot Sauce on top and it helped.Not the friendliest service, but they were efficient. We don't love the place, but we may be back.
4 The mixed po'boy was packed and the bread was good!  Didn't end up eating the side of creole mustard potato salad (not worth the carbs...) The seafood gumbo was missing the most important part... the seafood!  Must've gotten a bad scoop. I don't think I had any fish!  And only a few shrimp
4 Giving a low score because I ordered the Shrimp and Chicken jambalaya and it was depressing. I found very little Shrimp and Chicken in the jambalaya. The best part of my meal I have to say were the corn bread and the sweet potato salad.
4.2 It was my first time ever to have Louisiana food... let me tell you.... it was EXCELLENT!!I ordered large seafood gumbo with shredded sweet potatoes w/raisins & nuts.  The dish camea fresh cornbread.  My hubby ordered. Jambalaya with green salads, served with fresh cornbread, too!I would return here again. Their service was very good. I had asked for soup samples and the lady behind the counter was very pleasant. They even provided two medium size cup with ice for us to fill with water. I think the main reason I really liked this food it was because it wasn't too spicy. It has good taste but I'm glad that they offered spicy or no spicy.
4.2 Oh, my gosh. This place was so awful. I hate fried foods but had to get something on the menu since we were already there. I went with something safe-blackened salmon salad. By blackened they really meant BURNT TO THE MUTHA EFFIN CRISP!!!!! I couldn't even eat it. It was pitch black. So, I ended up eating the lettuce only. Yum. Not. Never returning.
4 I don't find too many Cajun cooking around here so I'm really loving that they have the gumbo pot at the farmers market.  I had the gumbo and it came with a side of sweet potato salad.  The sweet potato salad is different from the regular potato salad that are drenched in mayo.  This one is sweet and not as soft.  It was a little bland on it's own but paired with the gumbo, it suddenly became Delicious.  The gumbo came out really hot so don't be like me and eat it right away.  You will burn your tongue.  I'm sorry to say but the beignets weren't that good.  I didn't even finish it all.  I'm still hoping I can find a good place in LA for beignets.
4 My husband and I ate here for the first time. To summarize the food in a word: meh. We are native Louisianans (I'm from New Orleans and he's from Lake Charles), and the French Market at Disneyland is much more authentic.Was the food decent? Sure. Was it worth the $40 we spent? Nope. We're generally suspicious of any place outside of Louisiana claiming to be "Louisiana style" or "New Orleans style." And The Gumbo Pot certainly confirmed our suspicions. P.S. Jambalaya should NOT be soupy. And beignets should NOT be dry.
1 Ordered the shrimp jambalaya Very disappointed not even one shrimp!!!It looks more like "chili" than jambalaya the flavor ok not you average jambalaya
3 The bright lighter skin guy attitude is horrible..... And they had just open. I told him that it would be nice if he filled my small container of rice at least all the way to the top it was halfway he had the nerve to tell me no so you get a bad review.  It would not of hurt to fill the small container....thats like ordering a medium drink and filling the cup up halfway
1 Garbage food. I don't even know what I tried to eat. Ordered the jambalaya and what was served was some kind of rice with mystery chunks in a Campbell's tomato soup base, maybe? I have no explanation. Why create a Cajun place and name everything Cajun names and then serve whatever this is????
2 For a commercial style Kiosk out doors restaurant, I must say the food was not at all bad. I did not have a comparative expectation, or preconceived notion of strong opinion prior to going. I just wanted to eat!I did not expect my Mother's or Grandmother's cooking. What I expected, was good quality restaurant food, and that is what I received.The only reason I did not give it 5 stars, was due to the customer service. They need to work on greeting, smiling, and being happy for customer arrival. I told the cook to soft fry my Gator, and she did. I was totally satisfied with the taste, texture, and flavor for a commercial Kiosk restaurant. The Jalapeno corn muffin was delicious! and Potato salad was typical of commercial potato salad. I plan on returning to try everything else.
1 "Not a whole lot of bang for your buck"- interesting menu and little substance.  Ordered the large "seafood gumbo" (total of $11 and changes) and the ONLY thing "seafood" about this dish were its name and 3 tiny pieces of shrimp.  The rest, 90 percent rice and 8 percent tomato soup- come on; jokes on me!!!  Caution, all negative reviews on point and they point in one direction "rip-off". I can understand if this was a case of low inventory for day or what have you but have a feeling this is "business as usual."  I feel bad for the unsuspecting tourists spending their hard earned dollars at this place.  On the upside, cashier was friendly and outdoor dining atmosphere in sunny Cali is priceless. (PROS) Interesting dining experience(CONS) Avoid seafood gumbo item
3 The gumbo pot always hits the spot. Been coming here for years. Their sweet potato salad is delicious.
1 Tastes like the south! Good portions too.I had the crawfish étouffée with sweet potato salad and cornbread. It was spicy and delicious!
2 The po' boys had way too much bread and not enough catfish for a rich boy's liking. crawfish served chilled had good flavor in the brains. Overpriced for creole lacking quality.
3.5 I'm a huge fan of their Jamba-ya-ya!I've tried the other stuff, it's good.
4 The Gumbo Pot is another one of my favorite places at the original Farmer's Market in Los Angeles.  There is always a line in front of this restaurant, but it moves very quickly.  For under $10, you can get a complete meal that's delicious and satisfying.  You can choose from Gumbo YaYa which is full of chicken, sausage, shrimp and okra in a tasty rich sauce.   Or you can get the Jambalaya which is similar but with a spicy tomato base. Yum!  If you want your food to be a little spicier, they have an assortment of hot sauces to choose from.  Each comes with choice of a side of sweet potato salad, potato salad, sweet potato chips or collard greens.  I always get the collard greens.  Your meal also comes with a jalapeno corn bread muffin.  And don't forget the home made lemonade.The menu also has a variety of Creole food consisting of po' boy sandwiches, catfish either blackened or fried in cornmeal, red beans and rice, drunken shrimp, various salads, they even have fried alligator.  The only one of these items I've ever tried was the fried alligator, which was a little chewy but not too bad.  The best things on the menu are the beignets.  These are fluffy deep fried doughy bread and you can get them filled with chocolate.  They are served to you lightly covered with powdered sugar.  It's the perfect end to a delicious meal.
4 I ordered a small side of the greens and jambalaya. My kids ordered the fried chicken salad. I was satisfied with my order, but was turned off my the salad. I tasted the chicken on the salad and it tastes like day old cold fried chicken from the super market, far from satisfying. My daughter ended up eating the greens and was enjoying every bite. We saved room for the beignets and we really enjoyed those. This was my second time at the Gumbo Pot, I would return and order the same for myself BUT definitely steer clear from the salads, although very large in size..very small in taste.
3 my family loves the Gumbo Pot! the poboys are delicious! Farmers Market is so fun with so many options but we always choose the Gumbo Pot!
4 Two words: food poisoning.My friend got it from The Gumbo Pot, after eating gumbo with shrimp that was undercooked.  Vomiting and sickness ensued the following morning.  On the other hand, my blackened salmon was overcooked and burnt.  Yuck.  But didn't get sick from it.Just so that I'm not entirely critical, the fried pickles were pretty good.
4.5 Ate here with a friend before catching a movie at the Grove.  I was really craving flavorful Cajun food, but was unimpressed.  Service was nice and quick, so +2 stars for that.  The food itself was really bland.
3.5 Expatriates of the South living in LA, this is a great spot to get your fix of good home cooking. Great jambalaya, collard greens, fried okra and service.
4 Been eating here for over 25 years . And I'm in rural Louisiana often for the food .Had the Gumbo ya ya and jambalaya recently . Terrible . Sausage  & chicken were nearly rancid . Very poor food quality . Step it up owners , your food is sub-par and insulting . Never going back . And what's with the arrogant credit card fees ?
4.5 The seafood gumbo was bland. It could have used a lot more spice. There was not a lot of seafood and the shrimp was tiny. The broth was very thin, almost watery.
4 Ordered the .. Seafood Gumbo $7.50/8.95a milder gumbo with shrimp, crab meat, lots of file and okrahttp://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=eqiFJ7qkX5dgwgooJ4SdGg&select=RHXuWCkDyPNQs_D4L9ybwAGreat tasting Gumbo, large portion was a good size for 2 people, wish the gumbo was a little more hotter but it was closing when we ordered so I'm guessing I got the last of the batch. Potato salad was also good and had a little mustard flavor to it.
4 Shrimp jambalaya was meh (I counted one shrimp & a lot of burnt chicken sausage), corn bread wasn't fresh, potato chip fries were burnt. & the place isn't cheap. What's there to go for?
4.5 WOW!  I went to this place with low expectations and they exceeded that.  The PO Boy was the worst I've ever had.  There was WAY more dry bread than shrimp, no condiments what so ever and to top it off they put lemon slices in the sandwich...WHAT?!  The gumbo is passable but does not warrant a return visit or thought.  I asked where there crawfish is from and no one had a clue.  My family is from Louisiana and I cook gumbo's and jambalaya's myself.  This was bad.I wanted to like this place but I just can't do it.
3.9 Decent spot in Farmers Market.Service was on the slower side, line of about 10 people took a little over 2o minutes for food.Fried Okra: BombFried Pickles: done rightPotato Salad: average, very heavy on the mayo (or whatever sauce) not a lot of other flavor.Corn Bread: only okShrimp Po Boy: looks huge but when you bite in to it it's mostly bread and not a lot of sandwich.  The few pieces of shrimp in sandwich tasted good sadly it wasn't enough.  If review was on sandwich alone it'd be a 2 star at best. Okra and pickles may have saved the place but at it's best it's only OK.
4.2 More like 3.8 stars, if that existed.I had a small gumbo, and the husband had some oysters and the shrimp po boy.  The gumbo came with cornbread and a side of greens and rhubarb.  The greens were pretty good, though could be a lot more tender, as there were a lot of chewy/tough pieces.  The gumbo itself was pretty good with a kick, and the cornbread muffin was a little dry but good.  The po boy was kind of sparse in fillings, which was a bit of a bummer, and heavy on bread.Anyway, while generally tasty, I think some small tweaks would make the food more amazing.  It's nice to enjoy something a bit different!
3 One of the few spots on the Westside. Located near The Grove, about as good as it gets this side of the city.
3 First off,  there are not many cajun places around so it's a novelty to find one. This place however has the worst customer service. Always in a bad mood every time I go and honestly their gumbo is usually over cooked. What really got me though was when I called and asked if they would have king cake on mardi gras.  The guy in broken English said there is a shipment coming in at 12 then immediately hung up... Ok I had questions, what's the flavor? Can I pre-order? How much? ... I called back and same guy picked up, I said "we must've been disconnected I have a question about the king cake... CLICK. Hung up. You can count on me nor anyone I know ever going back to this place. Go to 504 or preux and proper instead.
2 The reviewers who are complaining about the lemon slices, with rind, do not seem to understand that this is done on purpose and that this is what makes the po'boys GREAT. In NOLA you might get pickles in your sandwich; these lemon peels provide a similar burst of sour bite, but honestly I like the lemon more, crave it. You took the lemon peel out of your sandwich? You fool! TRY IT. Folks, you're not in LA (Louisiana)--you're in LA--Los Angeles! We do things a little different here. And that's OK.
2 Not as good as it used to be. I was really looking forward to eating here again but the food wasn't that great. The food is heavily tomato based. The jambalaya looked like pasta sauce with rice, the greens have tomatoes, the cornbread even has tomatoes. I had the Gator gumbo and it was pretty bland. The only thing that me and my friends enjoyed was the beignets.
5 I don't profess to know gumbo as well as I'd like, but the gator gumbo was a dark brown mass of indistinct, not very tasty things, poured over a scoop of rice. I even got it a la carte since I just wanted gumbo, and ended up paying something like $15, which was about $3 too much for tasty gumbo, and infinitely too much for such terrible gumbo.
5 This was an absolute mistake.  Getting my food was a breeze.  I ordered the blackened snapper with collard greens and mustard potato salad and a side of peach cobbler.   Well let's get in to it.  The potato salad was awful.  It really didn't taste fresh.  The greens were about the best thing on my plate, besides the lemonade.  As for the peach cobbler it was very average.  The snapper was really spicy but not bad.  Please do not order the potato salad.
1 If you want to avoid getting pissed off or disappointed then do NOT eat here. My boyfriend and I were starving when we found this place and were so excited to eat. We ended up waiting about 40 minutes and it could've been longer if we did not say anything. We asked where our food was and our order was no where to be found. Then the guy said he could make our food in 2 minutes lmao the irony. I'm over this place and their service. We ended up getting a refund. The least they could have done was give us our order for free. On top or that, the lady that took our order just kept looking at us. How did you not notice that we haven't received our food and not say anything about it?
1 Just had lunch with my mom here and the best thing we both agree on is the lemonade was good, mom had the mixed platter( red snapper, shrimp and oysters with a side salad the food had no tasted, was over fried and you can tell that the oil is very old. I had the fried shrimp platter and again no taste over fried! Do not waste your time standing in line to eat. Just leave eat somewhere else!!!!! I really wished I took pictures because going back and looking at all the old pictures people posted you can clearly see they don't care anymore!
1 I really don't like to post bad reviews, but this food was horrible!! I had the red snapper dinner with greens and Jambalaya w/shrimp & sausage. The only thing that was fresh was the fish, which had no flavor. The jambalaya had no shrimp and the sausage was dried up. I visited on a Friday and I think the food was prepared on Monday. The cornbread was like a dog biscuit. If I hadn't got my food to go I would've returned it! Wasted my money I threw it in the trash. The menu/location looked very inviting. Other than that..NEVER AGAIN!!
5 meh, surprisingly lacking in flavor. skip it. For reference, we ordered the shrimp gumbo (returned because see above), chicken poboy, hush puppies, and beignets. I have a feeling it all tastes about the same. Save your money, wish we had.
4.2 Part of being a tourist, I begged my food companion to take me to this "Famous" Farmer's Market. I like things like that, supporting the locals. However, when I got there, it wasn't like the farmer markets I've been to, which was slightly disappointing. I hated the rich people shops that surrounded it, but I did love the crowdedness; it felt like home. After walking around the market part about 3-4 times, we finally got Hungry, and decided on The Gumbo Pot, there aren't a lot of Cajun Soul Food, and if there is and I'm absent minded about that, it isn't authentic.The Gumbo Pot, made it feel like Mardi Gras, which it technically was, we were there during Valentine's Day Weekend. It just felt like I was there in Louisiana! Good food, good vibes, great times! My food companion ordered the Seafood Salad, which had crawfish, shrimp, oysters, and blackened fish on top of mixed lettuce. I ordered the Fresh Oyster Po' Boy. The food was very fresh! Any kind of seafood or selfish I eat MUST be fresh, and The Gumbo Pot did. Check out my page to find my blogs! (:
3.7 I expected better! Many times I passed by and wanted to give this place a try based on their menu. I should've kept walking again today!!! I feel so bad asking my hubby to eat here, I will pay him his $40 back because I just feel so guilty!
4 I went to Farmers Market to get a slice of pizza... But I decided to try this place. It was horrible food... Just like the rest of the reviews below... It's bad.   I wish I had got that slice of pizza instead.
3 So i try this place for the first time. I order poboys catfish sandwich because it look good when someone order it. Don't get me wrong its testy but is like biteing into lettuce sandwich not enough catfish is more bread and lettuce then anything lol.. Soo for overprice poboy come on lets put more catfish in the sandwich please lets get it together gumbo pot..
4 For a place called "The Gumbo Pot" their gumbo isn't that tasty. It has little flavor and spice.
4.5 Decent food. But I've had better gumbo. Not to say it was terrible, it was good. The hush puppies I found to be really dense and flavorless but the corn bread was actually one of the better ones I've had. The red beans and rice were tasty and the greens good as well. But I must say the seafood gumbo had maybe  3 or so small petite shrimp and the rest is really all rice and tomatoes. But other than that pretty decent.
4 I got the Seafood Gumbo and Pork Jambalaya.I like both of them and will get them again.
3.5 Honestly, the Gumbo Pot was not very satisfying. I had the seafood gumbo and the pricey dish (approx. $13) was a bit bland and scant with the seafood quantity (but overfilled with rice). The usual savory flavor I was looking for in gumbo was missing. The cornbread served wasn't bad but a tad bit dry. I did enjoy the mustard potato salad with its spicy kick to it. Perhaps I came on an off day but with so many other options available at the Farmer's Market, there is no shortage of other cuisines to try out.
4.5 Having lived in New Orleans it's tough for me to find any NoLa style establishments in LA that are even close to being up to snuff, but for the area, this is the best of the bunch.The gumbos and jambalaya at this Famrer's Market stall are good and portions are plentiful and reasonable. On a cool evening, a steaming bowl over rice really hits the spot. The fried catfish and po-boys ain't bad but there are other go-to spots for southern style fried fish I prefer. Sure, I could make better at home, but for those times you really dont want to be bothered with a hot stove, this hits the spot.The real reason to come here is for the beignets. This is one of the few places in LA where you can get a fresh batch of beignets (that even come in chocolate for those who can't resist messin with perfection) and chicory coffee. Move over Starbucks and Bean, the $1.35 iced chicory coffee with one little half and half and a side of beignets (3 for $2.50) is just about as close to heaven, and NoLa, as you can get. On a warm, humid morning you'd almost think you were in Jackson Square. Almost.
4 I have been to New Orleans many times and have had the best po'boys and gumbo that wild town has to offer.  The catfish po'boy I had here was by far the worst I have ever had anywhere, the gumbo one of the best outside of Louisiana.  Nice smokey roux, tasty shrimp and andouille within. That po'boy? WTF? An embarrassment to the name itself. Too bready too soft roll, the dressing was simply a few strands of lettuce and the strangest thing was the thin slices of lemon complete with rind..??  I wouldn't have noticed it pre-bite except that the catfish was so small that I had opened the bread up to make a half sandwich out of the too small piece. The blackened fish had a bit of a kick to it, but it could hardly save this abomination to the hollowed ground of all great po'boys before it. In retrospect I should have taken it back for a full refund of my $8.75. I had been here several times but it had been a while, and remembered the food to be very good, but I may have ordered entre items, not really sure.  But I sure would have remembered a po'boy this bad if I had one before.I realize this is a tourist trap (Famers Market) and your food to value ratio will be low, but hey Gumbo Pot, y'all need to go back to the drawing board on that sandwich.  Yep, y'all need to call it a sandwich and not a po'boy.
4 I've had it on my list of places to try for quite some time and finally decided to come here and try the gumbo. I wish I was hungrier as I wanted a poboy but then saw them preparing a few and they didn't look right.I love spice so I went for the spicy Gumbo Ya Ya which has shrimp and andouille. A cup ended up being $7.50 and was pretty friggin' small. Like it looked like a side order but the side order is $3.50. So whatever, it was a deep red and looked a bit greasy, and it was time to dig in and give it a try.NO. No no no. No no no no no. What the hell is this??? It tasted like campbell's chunky beef stew or something. Nowhere did I taste a roux of any kind. And there was okra in it which just added insult to injury. Disneyland's gumbo is better, and I'm being perfectly honest. Look, if your establishment is friggin' named The Gumbo Pot, shouldn't your gumbo taste good? The only worse gumbo I've ever had was at Lucille's at the Fox Hills mall in Culver City, but I didn't pay any money for that one.For the sides, I'd opted for two corn bread orders and they were super crumbly and bland.*sigh* I guess I had to at least try it once, but there's no way I'd give them a second chance. Tourist trap food.
4 Possibly one of the best Cajun places in town! The beignets are to die for and the gumbo is authentic! Average price for food. $9 for a small  gumbo.  It's in the farmers market, kind of behind the Starbucks a ways. It's quite frankly the only place I go to at the market. It is loud for obvious reasons but not so much that you need to yell.
3.9 You absolutely MUST try the CRAWFISH ETOUFFE!  It's warm, super flavorful, spicy, and choc-full of crawfish.  It gets even better when you use the sweet potato chips as a makeshift spoon.  It isn't on the main board but just ask or looks for a little special's prop-up.My second choice is the Gumbo Ya-Ya with Collard Greens on the side-- add a little lousiana hot sauce and its just like you're in 'Nawlins. Yum!
4.2 Once upon a time there was a website called Yelp.  There was a girl named jay h.  She ventured delicately into the Talk Threads.  Wary of the Internet.She started posting.Then one day she saw another jay h.  She had unknowingly stolen another Yelper's name!Ooops! He was a very kind and handsome Yelper.Graciously he let me have jay h.Instant inter-friends...JayChan H and jay h.Three years later the moment came.Chatting about the days of Yelp yore. You stole my name!  You gave me your name!Let do lunch...I know the perfect place! Okay!Gumbo Pot...mmm spicy food.Tangy Lemonade.Yummy sides and dessert choices. Dope ass corn muffin.I'm so Yelping this place.
1 Hey...I give out one stars!  When you suck you suck!  I have eaten here some five times over 20 years.  WHY.  Well first off the 19 times before....I was young and had not gained a proper palet.  Now...I am old and know what food should taste like.The place is so bad I refuse to eat here for my 21st time.  My family is from the south and this place is hardly representative of Creole Southern Cuisine. The Gumbo is no where close to being Gumbo.While in Los Angeles in the Carthay Circle area visiting my attorney....my friend and I decided to visit the Grove....FARMERS MARKET.  Since I had been a thousand times, I allowed my friend to chose the place to eat.  She chose the Gumbo Dump....I mean POT!She ordered alligator, corn bread, and jambalaya.  The alligator was fried to a rock like substance, jambalaya had no sausage and was runny and the cornbread had no flavor.I ordered the same, but had blacken salmon for my main.  IT WAS BURNT....TASTED LIKE A BURNT ROCK.This place is not at all subpar.  It was the pits.  I paid $39 for rock hard alligator, runny jambalaya with no sausage and burnt salmon.
2 After walking around the Farmer's Market last night, I decided to get gumbo for dinner. Now, granted I don't have that much experience with food from New Orleans since I've never been but I have eaten at a number of good spots and I simply love Uncle Darrow's in Venice. My favorite thing to get there is Gumbo Ya Ya so that's what I ordered at the Gumbo Pot to compare.Wow, it's completely different! Sure, the bowl of it was bigger and you got a lot of sides but why is the rice so hard and stale? The rice for the gumbo ya ya was marginally better while the rice and beans were awful.But yes, the chicken and shrimp were very tender as well the okra but didn't really have any flavor. I contemplated getting some hot sauce for a kick but decided it wasn't worth eating anymore.I did enjoy the collard greens as it had good flavor. But they are not stewed enough for those who like almost mushy collard greens. Still, I think I actually enjoyed the freshness of the crisp collard greens. The corn bread muffin was fine.No, the best thing I had last night was the iced tea. It had a fantastic mint flavor! Mm.Maybe I'd come back to try a mufaletta or the fried plate but sadly, I would not get the gumbo ya ya here again.
2 I understand the Farmers Market at The Grove can get a bit pricy, but my experience on Friday at the Gumbo Pot was ridiculous.I ordered a mixed (oyster AND shrimp) po'boy sandwich and an iced tea. Lady at the register tells me I can add a cup of gumbo for 2.95 -- awesome, I say I'll try the gator gumbo, that sounds fun. I give her my credit card and when I sign for the bill it turns out I'm down 26 dollars (before tip). The sandwich was 11, the gumbo 3... Could the iced tea have been 12???No, as it turns out she charged me for a gumbo meal - 11 bucks for a small cup of gator gumbo and a side salad. I told her that wasn't what I wanted, but she didn't refund my money.So, I wound up with way too much food for way too much money. The sandwich was good, the gumbo was okay - though I couldn't find any gator for the life of me. Sadly I couldn't even take it to go because my next stop was a movie theater and I had nowhere to put it.Birdman was a fine film, though - I highly recommend that!
4 Place sucks, do not waste your money here. Had the gumbo and taste like crap, go somewhere else but just not here!
4 Ok Ive been told that this place has Po'boy sandwiches.  I've had some really good ones in New Orleans and driving around alabama, georgia and florida.  Ive even had a lobster po'boy in Miami.  I got the oyster po'boy here for $7.25 and boy are they really stingy w/ the oysters here, I only had like 3 or 4 pieces of oysters in my sandwich, pretty weak!  I do like that thin slice of lemon in the sandwich tho.  I almost got  me some beignets, but I had enough will power to say NO, i've been watching my sugar intake lately.  On the upside of this day out at Farmer's Market is that I ran into Danny Bonaduce and his wife at the The Grove, the dude is so ripped and he wears super tight shirts to show it off.
1 Went to Farmer's Market for dinner last weekend after the Griffith Park Observatory.  I've never eaten at the market and thought the place was interesting.Nothing really caught my eye until I walked by the Gumbo Pot.... hmmmm... it's been a while since I've had jambalaya.The jambalaya was good.  Not very spicy, though... it could use a little more kick.Decent place.  Meh.
3 After slurping down my large bowl of Gumbo Ya Ya, which according to the menu, is the spicy, chicken gumbo with shrimp and andouille sausage, I realized that I have yet try cooking cajun or New Orleans-style gumbo at home. If you think about it, it's not that difficult. All you need are the right, fresh ingredients, a strong rue, and the time and patience to simmer... low and slow. Of course, I'm no chef who grew up in New Orleans, but I do know my ingredients. The gumbo here resembles more like a stew or a thick soup, with tiny pieces of ingredients floating around. I think I saw one piece of okra, two little pieces of shrimp, three sausage, and five chicken. What does all that add up to? One, fairly bland and not-so-very-spicy Gumbo Ya Ya, and not exactly the best  "bang for you buck" at about $9. With the first few bites, I felt the spice kick in, but it quickly subsided. I don't know about you, but if I see "spicy" associated with something, it better be darn spicy! One person in our group ordered the Shrimp Po Boy sandwich, which I was pretty close to ordering. Wrapped in foil, it looked huge and smelled great from the exterior. But once you peek inside, you realize that it's mostly all bread and little fried shrimp, which was somewhat soggy and needed a considerable amount of seasoning. Boo.Ultimately, the sides is what saved the meal. I enjoyed my sweet potato side salad and the cornbread. The salad was crisp, refreshing, and had a nice balance of sweetness and crunchy texture. I also had a sampling of the sweet potato fries, and they are good, not too sweet or salty. The cornbread was moist and fluffy, and served as a nice dipping instrument for the gumbo.Bottom line, do you want Gumbo Ya Ya? Gumbo Nah Nah!
2 I must admit I have never been to New Orleans, but I want to (and not just for the ladies who show boobies for beads)So the closest I have come to hitting that region is visiting the Gumbo Pot, and I do like what they dish out. I love the po'boy sandwiches, the beignets and the insanely good and cheap iced chicory coffee that all combine to make a tasty and inexpensive lunch.Which is nice.
1 Danger! Tourist trap. Was excited to try the oyster po boy . It was about $12. That should have clued me in. Twelve dollars for a sandwich isn't cheap but oysters are expensive. A po boy in New Orleans is about $18. Got the sandwich. Had to go hunting for the oysters. There were two of them on this huge roll with about a half-pound of iceberg lettuce. Basically, it was a lettuce and mayo hero. So disappointing. Such a rip-off.
4 Gumbo Ya Ya...Sorry, I have a headache tonight.Fried sweet potato chips...Make love to my tongue, you sexy beast.
4 Ok, I know most people have very little sympathy for vegetarians. But when you glance up at the menu and see RED BEANS & RICE with a small green 'vegetarian' above it, you assume that the red beans and rice you receive will be carcass free. So after wondering for half a bowl's worth what the weird stringy bits were in my beans, I stumbled upon a large chunk of pig flesh which promptly found itself into my napkin. I brought this to the attention of the cashier who'd rung me up and she pointed out that Red Beans & Rice does have meat in it, that the item is on the menu twice, and would I like a bowl of meatless? "Oh it's on the menu twice? In two different locations? Maybe you guys should confirm with your costumers which dish they are trying to order." To which I was told I "need to read the menu." EXCUSE ME??!?! Why not just put "red beans and rice" on the menu ONCE, and say, IN THE SAME PLACE, "vegetarian or traditional"!!!! Look, I get that most people have very little sympathies for those of us who prefer plant based diets but come on. At the very least apologize, offer a refund, and don't act like you couldn't give less of a flying motherf____. And for the record, the food was merely decent.
4.2 Somewhere, somehow, I heard this place was good so I decided to check it out. I got the Gumbo Ya Ya and I was pretty disappointed. The food was lacking flavor and punch. Cashier was pretty grumpy too.
3.7 I've never been to New Orleans so I am not sure what authentic Orleans food is, but, all I know is, I wouldn't come to this spot again. The leafy greens of the seafood salad was weird, tough, and not very crisp. The jambalaya wasn't that bad though.
4 I've heard so much about this place and today I stopped by and ordered the catfish dinner. My first day in a while out and about, and I was excited. I can't believe I paid $17.63 for one small over-cooked piece of catfish broken, not cut, but broken in half. Who were they trying to fool. A small cornbread muffin that was hard enough to throw and make a dent in the wall, and a small salad in a Styrofoam cup. To charge someone almost $20 for that should be criminal. After that dismal foray into bad creole cooking (my mom is creole so I know what catfish and cornbread muffins are supposed to look like and taste like), I had to buy something else to eat. And the people who recommended this place, I will never listen to again. How is this place staying in business, or is it that Angelenos simply don't have a frame of reference for creole cooking.
3 Being vegetarian, I was pretty limited on options at Gumbo Pot - but what I got was delicious.  Although it wasn't on the menu, I saw a picture of fried okra on the side of the stand and asked if they had any.  They said yeah, they had some that day but I guess it's not always there - but man was it delicious!  I haven't had fried okra in a looong time so I'm not sure if this place was exceptionally good or if all fried okra is that tasty.  Big ass clumps of fried okra for $2.50.  It didn't come with a dip but I asked the dude if they had anything I could dip the okra in and they gave me a cup full of this really great creamy horseradish mustard type sauce.  I bet it has an actual name but I don't know it.  I wish they made milkshakes out of this sauce, I'd be all over that!  I also ordered hush puppies ($1.75) and a side of the vegetarian red beans and rice ($2.50 i think?).  The hush puppies were just sort of "okay".  Kind of burnt and very very dry, but all the onions and spices mixed in gave them pretty good flavor.  These were also enhanced by dipping it in that horseradish mustard sauce.  The vegetarian red beans and rice exceeded my expectations by far.  Not your ordinary cup of rice and beans!  Lots of southern spices and herbs simmered into the beans.  I wish I knew the names so I could better describe exactly how it tasted, but whatever.  I thought about giving it 5 stars just because I was surprised at how good this place is, but I guess in the end I still probably wouldn't go too far out of my way for this place.  If I'm ever at Farmer's Market or the Grove though, I'll be sure to drop by.
4 You can't deny the variety of food establishments in the farmers market. However, the quality is another thing. This past Sunday, being my first visit ever (I Know!), I was scouting out what was best to eat around here for ~$10 or less. Even though it was a hot summer day, I've always enjoyed a good cup of gumbo. Plus I can get burgers and pizza any day elsewhere. Usually restaurants will showcase their favorite on the top of the menu and when I saw Gumbo Ya Ya ($7.50) clearly written on the menu as one of their specialties, I had to give them a try. Plus they're Zagat rated! Ugh, FAIL. The gumbo was alright, but nothing really stood out. The sides were horrible. The corn bread, which they give 2 of, was dry. DO NOT get the sweet potato salad. This was just disgusting, and I'm the one who hates wasting food. Okay, is it just me or did it look and tasted like carrots?!?! It lacked flavor since it tasted like it was just taken out of the frig. Before coming here I saw another customer throw it all out in the trash and I thought, "what a waste of food!" The salad was so awful I can't even offer it to the needy. The lemonade was cold and refreshing though ($1.75)!
4.5 As a native New Orleanian now living in Los Angeles, I get a certain jonesing from time to time for the food I left behind, and there are so few choices out here when your stomach starts churning out orders for the down-home delicacies it once knew.  Most of the time you just have to order Thai and pretend.  A fellow expat reminded me about The Gumbo Pot in the Farmers Market a few days back.  I vaguely remember going there many years ago but had forgotten it was there.  And so today, my roommate and I got our walkin' shoes on and headed over to the hustle-bustle of Third and Fairfax.What we found was profoundly disappointing.  He ordered the shrimp poboy and I had the oyster version, each priced at $9.75.  We got a couple of cups of seafood gumbo on the side at $2.95 each.  I noticed when they prepared the gumbo that a large mold of rice rose above each of the cups.  "Unusual," I thought, failing to realize at the time that this was foreshadowing of what was to come.After the cook placed our trays on the counter and pointed at us with an unceremonious finger to let us know our food was ready (why had they bothered to give us a number?),  I grabbed the community bottle of tabasco sauce so I could spice things up a bit.  But upon removing the top layer of french bread, I was shocked to discover that the seafood was missing! I hunted around and finally realized there were a few tiny pieces mixed in amid the lettuce.  Had BP decimated our Gulf seafood crop that severely since I left? When we finished our meal, we both had some sizable crusts of bread left over that just didn't deserve the trouble of consuming.The gumbo was slightly better, but I couldn't identify any seafood aside from what appeared to be a couple of crab legs.  I did see some okra, however, which is kind of rare out here.  And the flavor, while spicy, didn't taste authentic.  It was more akin to a Mexican albondiga soup, without the albondiga.  You could get a more genuine flavor from a packet of Zatarain's at Ralph's.So my search for a filling, authentic Louisiana meal will have to continue, unfortunately.   It was sad, because I had such high hopes for the place, and if you squint your eyes just right, the Farmers Market looks almost like a larger version of the French Market back home.
3.5 No stars at all. Server lied about the ingredients of my gumbo. Every meal that should have been savory was tomato based which made the items sweet. I had more rice than roux. Which didn't have enough meat. I had three small shrimps and  no andouille sausage. The beignets taste like cardboard. I'm so over it. My family originated from Shreveport, La. I've never taste a roux that taste like tomato paste.  I'm going to get my money back.
4 I would never eat at this place again! if you have grown up on gumbo like I have then you know gumbo. I hope the Gumbo Pot make some changes in what they call Gumbo, no seasoning, I had the Shrimp and Crab Gumbo, two shrimp in the bowl no crab meat at all and for $9.00.To all out there planning on eating here, please save your monies with so many places to choose from at Framers Market, please don't choose this place a WASTE OF MONEY!
4.5 Not impressed.I made the mistake of stopping here without confering with Yelp so the mediocre meal is no one's fault but my own. The price was "Ehhhhh...." I ordered the blackened chicken salad, which was just lettuce, dried out chicken and honey mustard dressing with some cherry tomatoes thrown on. Also got the worst Hush Puppies I've ever consumed in my life, a corn muffin that was stale and crumbly and sweet potato chips that (once properly salted) were actually really edible.My friend got some sort of gumbo that was really good. Good enough that half way through our meal we actually switched.Given the bountiful dining options in the area I would highly suggest you go elsewhere for lunch/dinner  unless you are truly in the mood for Gumbo, which they do well.
4 The owner (who attended us) was very RUDE. Not knowing much about gumbo, we asked about what they put in it & the response we received was "small or large" in a very negative tone. You'd expect the owner to at least be courteous to customers and enthusiastic to be working at his own place. The people who were behind us in line (seemed like they were regulars) got special treatment. Shouldn't you be fair to everyone who brings business to your restaurant?We purchased the seafood gumbo and were given the vegetable gumbo instead. It actually does not taste too great. This honestly shows how much attention they paid to us as customers. Maybe if the service was better I'd rate this place with more stars. Probably won't come here again due to the coarseness and lack of empathy, sad to see that a business that could have high potential is assumably dwindling when it comes to customer service.
4 Came here after the AIDS Walk. Place serves creole food, menu is up ion the wall, you walk up, order and pay and wait for you food. I ordered the seafood gumbo with the sweet potato chips on the side, it also came with cornbread and I ordered an Arnold Palmer. I think my bill was like $12. My food was ready quick, I guess because they just had to scoop it out of the pot. The seating is outdoors and shared with many other restaurants. My gumbo was piping hot and I didnt wait for it to cool off so I kind of burnt my taste buds, which might be the reason why the food lacked flavor to me. The cornbread was okay. I didnt really care for the sweet poato chips and my drink was serve in a little plastinc cup. Even though I was starving, the meal wasnt worth my $12. oh and they validate parking
4.5 *Fried*Buttered*Creamed*BreadAll of these things are hard to find in health-conscious LA but luckily there is a Cajun-style food stand in the middle of Farmer's Market that can help bring back a taste of home to this Southern gal.  A plate of fried oysters, seafood, catfish and shrimp plus potato salad and jalapeno cornbread all for only nine dollars. They also have gumbo, jambalaya, fresh oysters, po' boys and various other N'awlins faves. They do fry it all up in cornmeal, which can get a bit heavy tasting at times if you aren't prepared with a wholly empty stomach. Entirely appropriate for this after-Fat-Tuesday meal, and the guy at the counter said if I flashed him he would give me beads plus a dollar off my meal....hmmmm.......so I did. (j/k)
3.9 A friend and I typically meet here for brunch, to share some of The Gumbo Pot's fares, along with some of the other Farmer's Market establishments.On a Sunday morning, we typically order the beignets, regular or chocolate covered, along with some of their great chickory coffee.  I prefer it iced.  I also go with the bf for lunch, and we typically get the blackened fish, the jambalaya, the gumbo, or even the drunken shrimp.  I've been wanting to try their crawfish...
4.2 It's rare when this little Valley girl gets a roarin' cravin' for some Cajun cuisine, but once that craving kicks into high gear, look the eff out! On those days I try to stay away from small children and animals and I come here for a spicy bowl of YUMbalaya or some YUMbo. Throw a bowl of either of these back along with an ice cold brew and sucka, you're set! Also the guys that work here are hella cool...(did I just really type hella and not hit the delete key? wow, somebody needs a weekend stat!) But yes, the guys are hella cool and really nice, so stop by this place and come hungry because this food is filling!
4 Ok, so I had this craving for a nice bowl of seafood gumbo. You know like momma use to make, only momma is on cooking strike and won't make me any, but that's another story. Anywayz, being the resourceful gal that I am I went to what I thought would be the next best thing. Boy was I ever let down.This food is serously bland. And my seafood gumbo had EXACTLY 2 count it 2 pieces of shrimp in it! What the $%^&!@#  hell. I know nothing compares to momma's gumbo but this was way off base. I was astonished at the reviews that I have read on yelp, this is not even close to being Cajun. I would have done better to have a V-8 and call it a day. I don't even know how to describe the flavor of this stuff. It's more like tomato soup with a dash of gumbo file. YUCK.Bottom line: Don't eat here.
4 After learning about king cakes on the food network, I'd been desperate to try one. After doing some googling, I learned that the Gumbo Pot was selling them.  I called 'em up, and they even offered to reserve one for me!While I was there, I decided, I'd try out their menu items (which I'd been very curious about already, but have always went to my other favorite farmer's market restaurants, instead).   For someone who has almost no experience with cajun food, I found their menu to be a bit intimidating.  So, I asked the cashier what his favorite items were.  I gave him the "okay" to make me catfish, red beans and rice, and collard greens to compliment my king cake.The verdict is:The cajun catfish was delicious, especially with the cajun tartar sauce.The red beans and rice was worth trying once.Turns out I was right about collard greens: simply not edible unless you happen to be a small, furry herbivore.AND, for the King Cake:It's good. Kind of like pan dulce (Mexican sweet bread) crossed with a cinnamon roll. I like it but I'm glad I paid $17 for it, instead of the $45 I was debating spending to purchase a double-filled king cake online! :)  In fact, I took my savings to the grocery store and to buy my own "fillings" (caramel, hot fudge, Nutella, and marshmallow creme).  But with or with out the fillings/toppings, the king cake was a fun experience! :)Oh, and "I got the baby!"  -- but there were only two of us eating the cake, so that's not such a big deal. lol
2 All I have to say is if you like corn bread this place is worth it.  I got the Gumbo Ya Ya with a side of corn bread and it made a perfect combo!  The cornbread was perfect texture, it wasn't all sugar but still had the perfect taste and texture that I look for in cornbread.  Going back tomorrow to get even more cornbread!
1 With all the food places at the Farmers Market at the Grove, this is a diamond in the rough.  Gumbo Pot serves New Orleans style food, offering Jambalaya, Seafood Gumbo and Po'Boys.  Sweet!  We had the Jambalaya and Gumbo (chicken, shrimp & andouille sausages) and they were both very very good.  My favorite is the jambalaya.  It is a little less soupy than what I remember but the flavor is very delicious.  I thought it was supposed to be more cajun but I didn't care.They also give you a cornbread & a side order of your choice.  I chose the sweet potato chips.  I finished that thing off... it's not as sweet as some other places' fried sweet potato fries, but it's good enough.  The cornbread, although not as sweet as some other places, grows on you.
1 Gleeful, let me pat my back for something nice that have discovered. Okay, okay - I know sometimes it's good to buy an advice, especially when it bangs your ears over and over. A couple of close buddies suggested this spot and seriously a big fat thanks goes straight to their coat. Ah, The Gumbo Pot is so amazing - they have seriously got a wide assortment of dishes in Los Angeles. Went there with a couple of friends last weekend and have already visited it more than twice. This place is very gracious and caters to all your stuff with so much goodness.Should you drop by this restaurant on any given day, don't let those yummy red beans and rice full of sausage and ham hock mean escape from your taste buds. The meals are very carefully prepared here, leaving no stone unturned in evolving as a fine cuisine for the true admirers of flavorful dishes. Go, give it a try!
5 Imagine a person from Russia opening up a Soul Food spot..... I'll give you a moment....Ok. The owner is from Mississippi. Not New Orleans or anywhere in the Bayou. Trust me... True Cajuns will not eat this stuff. I'm from deep in the Bayou & this ain't Authentic. Gumbo is a soup... The roux takes time & the holy trinity to make... Don't be fooled. This isn't it.
5 I love the food. The cuisine of New Orleans has to be the best form of American cuisine, and The Gumbo Pot offers a pretty decent interpretation of it without heading to Nawlins.The gumbos are good and consistent, but the sandwiches are even better, especially the massive muffelatas. Just ordering a half sandwich is more than a meal.It's my fave at Farmers Market, but I have noticed that when I get items to go, the staff forgets to pack an item in the bag. Their sides have not tasted good as of late. I've had a green salad where the salad tasted musty, and the sweet potato slaw has been sour.I still go back because the good outweighs the bad.Luckily, Farmers Market is situated near high-frequency transit service so the parking hassles can be avoided.Transit access: Metro Rapid lines 714 and 780, and Local lines 14, 16/316, 217 and 218; and LADOT DASH Fairfax.
4 Since I was born and raised in Louisiana, I came here with a little bit of skepticism, but this place really delivered. We got some Gumbo Ya Ya and Jambalaya. Even though the Jambalaya was qnot cooked in the same style as I was raised on, it was really yummy. The set up is cute and quaint and all the sides were tasty too. Even the oysters on a half shell were cold and juicy, although they should have been served with crackers. My main problem with this place is subtle: I understand that it's just a kiosk in a pretty busy Farmer's Market, but all throughout the south there are similar type restaurants to this one. In the south however, the workers are friendly. You would surely get a, "hey honey, how y'all doin' taday?" Here... Nothing. Not even the usual stiff courtesies of Los Angeles.
4 Everything is good, but I always get the collard greens on the side. The greens have mixed in spicy tomatoes which make them enjoyable even plain.  I believe if you have to put salt and pepper on your food it isn't that good. No seasoning needed at the gumbo pot.
3 I thought this place would have really good gumbo but I was very disappointed.Seafood Gumbo $7.50 - Tiny shrimp (and barely any), couldn't find the crab, loaded with Filefish...tasted OK but rice was kind of hard.  Sweet potato chips were not good...over fried.  Cornbread was whatevers...didn't finish it.Shrimp Platter $8.75 - I LOVE cornmeal fried shrimp so even though it was all tiny shrimp, I would probably get this dish again.
4.2 I always stop by for their beignet! It's soooo good! The staff is very friendly and the beignet is always made to order! Comes out very hott and amazing!
3.7 I can't believe no one has mentioned the awesome fried chicken!  I'm always at a loss picking a place to eat at the Farmer's Market... so many choices, so few of them good.  So I was thrilled when I discovered that The Gumbo Pot was more than just a touristy gimmick.The fried chicken was on their specials menu (although they have a fried chicken salad on their regular menu).  I admit it: I LOVE FRIED CHICKEN.  I will try fried chicken even at the sketchiest places, in the hope that it will be good.  When I showed up at The Gumbo Pot, they were closing in 15 minutes and told me it would take that long to cook the half chicken that I ordered.  That was a good sign.  The chicken turned out to be juicy with a crispy, slightly spicy batter.  Not too greasy or fatty, but not "lean-tasting" either.  It was the best fried chicken I've had in Los Angeles -- with the possible exception of a bucket of KFC that I inhaled while stoned.I bequeath The Gumbo Pot five stars on the basis of the fried chicken alone.  The collard greens were pretty damn good, too.  Spicy and flavorful -- better than Roscoe's.
4 I've tried many of the places that Yelpers recomend but I always return here to the Gumbo Pot.  I was just there for Fat Tuesday and ordered some Ya-Ya and Seafood Gumbo.  The Ya-Ya is excellent, it makes you sweat but it is good stuff.  I purchased the quart size which is about $13 a piece.  I've tried the highly recommended Gumbo Shack in Inglewood but was not impressed.  Their Seafood Gumbo smelled a little too fishy and they throw in the whole shell fish so you have to put in extra effort to eat the stuff, which gets a little messy.  You can't go wrong at the Gumbo Pot located in the Fairfax Farmers Market.
3 I visited New Orleans about a year ago and have been experiencing (what I'd imagine) are heroin-addict-like withdrawal symptoms for jambalaya ever since. The jambalaya here is spicy, hearty, steaming hot and delicious. It satisfies (however momentarily) my all-encompassing craving for Creole food. Of the side option, the collard greens are the absolute best.
4 I had to sadly knock a star off from the Gumbo Pot.  I was craving their beans & rice (w/ meat) so I walked my butt across the street to grab some.So I ordered and it was $6- !!!!!!????  $6- for a small side order of beans and rice? WOW!  I paid it because I was craving it but I won't do that again.Oh yea..to the dude behind the counter who just looked like he got out of jail--- a simple "here u go or thank you!" would have been cool.  Don't just dangle my order over the counter w/o a word waiting for me to snatch it from you!  I even gave him a "thanks Boss!" and he just walked away.  Its farmers market..I don't go there for customer service just for the food!
4.5 Whenever im in the mood for some  soul food...i walk across the street to Farmer Market and head to the Gumbo Pot.I love their Jambalaya!  It can be spicy but its a good spicy that just sits on your tongue.Their chili cornbread is perfect for dipping and soaking up the broth.I really really love their Rice & beans.  I can get a side order of that and just eat that for lunch.They also make fresh beneigts!Great place to eat!!!!
3.5 Pretty decent blackened cat fish and gumbo, coming from someone who've been to New Orleans before
4 20 minutes for a Fried Catfish Po'boy?? Seriously??  Well at least the sandwich was super good.  Too bad they only throw a couple nuggets of catfish in the whole sandwich!  I enjoyed the rest of it; the mayo, lettuce, tomatoes, and the lemon slice =)Even with the side of cornbread I could've eaten 2 more and still wouldn't have been full!  Expect slow service and to be hungry 10 minutes later.
4.5 The food was unedible. I had the fried aligator and fried mixed platter. All of it was extremely over cooked and had no flavor. The collard greens were mush and seemed like they were cooked a week ago. Go at your own risk.
4 It's nearly impossible to find alligator in LA, so I was excited to find this place. When I did, I was..... disappointed as all hell. Is this alligator, or is it rubber chicken pieces in disguise? Texture is nothing like the gator Ive have in the past. Also, the flavor was very blah.
4 Ok, for starters, trying to find Southern food that doesn't come from a popeye's in LA is no mean feat. However, I finally found a place that I don't mind going to when I get that jambalaya  craving, (and I'm not talking about Elephant bar!) They don't always tell you, but there is a smaller sized bowl ($4.25)that is cheaper than the large one that everyone gets ($7-8). The $7-8 one comes with corn bread and a side of sweet potato chips, or potato salad. Most of their  sides are "meh" at best, so I tend to pass on them. Also, they have both shrimp and just sausage jambalayas. The jambalaya has a really nice kick to it that makes it just wonderful!They also have gumbo, etoufee, and FRIED ALLIGATOR!!! and frog legs. Don't get their hush puppies, the ones at Long John Silver are WAY better. Check it out if you have a hankering for southern food! I hear they have some awesome beignets!
4.5 It's a sad day in my world when progresso menistrone soup with meat is called gumbo.  I'm sorry to say this to all the fans out there... but I made better food in college for about $3 dollars and fed the whole floor.  I decided to take my boyfriend there; he's from New Orleans, to see what he would think.  And, I'm sorry to disappoint, but he's sentiments were worse than mine and I won't mention what he called it.  I'll let him write his own review ;-)  I wonder if food in LA is sometimes "dumbed down" or spiced down, or deflavored for those who've never really traveled to all these fantastic places and ate a real po' boy or a real gumbo.Go check it out for yourself, but reallize that when you buy a good cookbook you too will make gumbo that will beat the one at the Gumbo Pot.
4.2 Since the tragedy of Hurricane Katrina, many people from New Orleans have embarked on a diaspora sharing with others in America their good and their bad aspects to their culture. If this is the case for the Gumbo Pot, it is an establishment that is sharing bad culinary to us all. The bad was in every part of the poor attempt to have New Orleans cuisine on a budget. The po' boy was that poor. The skimpy serving of oysters coupled the remoulade sauce was not spicy, and was simply mayonnaise. I figured what else could go wrong. My wife being the optimist of our union was eager to have the seafood gumbo.Gumbo is a multi-faceted dish, depending on the region one hails. Some people desire a sassafras or filé base, while others like a more tomato base soup. We are filé advocates. But, I followed her lead and I tried the very dish the Gumbo Pot seemed to fashion the establishment's name. And, gumbo it is not. The gumbo was reminiscent of a nightmarish experience of having Progresso Soup's version of gumbo.  Basically, we could have saved ourselves some money by visiting Ralph's instead of the Gumbo Pot.
4.2 Decent seafood gumbo but there are still some missing spices; if you've had New Orleans gumbo this will NOT hit the spot. Was craving beignets and finally found it at this place: It was literally hard fried oily dough. Nothing like cafe du monde, not even close. And the chicory coffee...bleah
4 this is one of my favorite places to eat in the farmer's market. that po' boy was so good that my distaste for fish and tomatoes was a complete nonissue. i had the blackened snapper, which was pretty tasty sans the weird lemon slices in the sammich. the real gems here are the sides - sweet potato chips, cornbread with chili peppers and cheese, and ohhhh the pillowy beignets! the chicory coffee is also good, although i wish they had more drinks (hello, i need my diet/coke). i can only fool myself with iced tea for so long.
5 Outside of New Orleans, I have not seen any menu with such extensive New Orleans style food items.  You don't see too many restaurants with muffuleta.  This place has two muffuletas items; roasted eggplant muffuleta and French Quarter muffuleta on their menu.  Other authentic items include Po'Boy sandwiches, salads, fried chicken, jambalayas, red beans and rice, gumbos, Cajun meatloaf, beignets, crawfish, oysters, hush puppies, pies, crab cakes, Etouffee, and New Orleans breakfast specials.It was late in the afternoon when I visited here.  I'm so sad that I can only take in a small snacker such as the Gumbo YaYa.  This is New Orleans comfort food at its best.  It was not spicy hot but the multitude of available hot sauces are there to turn up the fire.  This will have to be a regular stop when I visit Los Angeles.The good:  New Orleans is closer than you think.The bad:  It's in Los Angeles and not San Francisco.
2 Broke rule #1Should have read the reviews before eating here.  Really didn't live up to any of the many gumbos that I have had in my life.  I had the gumbo ya-ya.Hopefully, I have learned my lesson...
3 I came here like a moth to a flame because I saw the word "beignets." Lately, I've been seriously trying to avoid fried food for the sake of my health but damn it I cannot resist a good beignet!! I was really really hoping it was worth it but I was really disappointed. They for sure fry them fresh to order but I don't know...they just don't compare to other beignets that I've had.  They were really chewy and didn't have a nice fluffy doughy interior.  Such a waste. I ate one and threw the rest away.
2 This place isn't the best New Orleans food but the beignets are amazing. Got the Oyster Po' Boy and it was pretty good. Only problem was that there were lemon slices with the skin on still and tasted bitter. But fairly decent anyhow.
1 Note - this review is only for the beignets!!  I love beignets.  Love them.  Like crazy.  Hadn't tried them at the Farmer's Market before...until yesterday.  Kind of wish I hadn't.  Sadly, the oil the beignets were fried in reeked of fried shrimp/oysters/etc.  The beignets came out dark and smelly and tasted just as bad as they looked.  Even the mountain of powdered sugar on top couldn't save this batch.  :(  For $3.50 for 4 pieces, not a big deal, but not worth it.  If you love beignets like me...  Save yourself!
1 Meh...I have gumbo and jambalaya a few other places....It was okay. I got the jumbalaya with greens and my Mom got the gumbo and also some type of fish dish that I cant remember.They do give large portions which is great for the price that you have to pay.....it was OK...doubt I'll be back for anything more than a Po Boy or so.
1 I'm from the South, and I grew up eating New Orleans-style food.  My experience with the gumbo, jambalaya, potato salad, and red beans & rice at Gumbo Pot has been mediocre, but in the past their shrimp po' boys were EXCELLENT.  They add slices of lemon with the rind to their po' boys, which I hadn't seen done in the South.  I recommend the po' boy with extra lemon.  I put some ketchup on mine as well.But what happened??  I just went today for a shrimp po' boy and was very disappointed to see that my sandwich had very little shrimp.  Now that I'm reading other Yelp reviews, I see that this problem is a frequent one!  The proportion of bread to shrimp is way off now, and 40% of the sandwich had NO shrimp at all.  I took several bites of bread, with a little lettuce and no shrimp!  Very disappointing!I also tried the fried pickles with an aioli.  They're good.  In the South, the fried pickles are usually dill pickles, but the Gumbo Pot uses a sweet pickle, which was fine too.
3 As a native of New Orleans, gumbo is a staple of our lives! Living in L.A. I've heard so many things about this place in The Grove. So I decided to give it a try.I was very disappointed. The service was super slow. The guy expediting our food didn't look like he knew how to read tickets. The cashier was just standing around not helping out.After a wait, i got my seafood gumbo, with a side of collard greens and cornbread. The sign says the best cornbread in the world - NOT. I've had way better cornbread. The collard greens were decent. The gumbo was very bland and very soupy. It's suppose to be made with a roux based. It was a big disaster. The gumbo pack from Zatarin's is way better.Not sure what the craze is about but save your money, fly to New Orleans, and you'll have way better gumbo from any restaurant there. If not, go to your local grocery store and buy Zatarin's gumbo pack. It's way better.
3 When this place first opened years ago it had decent food but those days are long gone. It's not authentic. It's very overpriced for what you get and the quality has gone down. The bread my sandwich came on was so cheap and soggy they should be embarrassed. My sandwich was mostly bread with very little shrimp and oysters. The shrimp were unbelievably small and tasted like really bad frozen seafood. There was an awful fishy taste with bitter lemon to the oysters.I also had etouffee here and the gumbo. More sad little seafood and miniscule shrimp. No flavor whatsoever. An insult to everyone from Nola. Even the red beans and rice are bad.
3.5 Cajun and Creole food may be some of the most diverse and delicious dishes on the planet. So why are these traditional Bayou cuisines so underrepresented in Los Angeles? The Gumbo Pot - the original at the old Fairfax Farmer's Market and now open at the Hollywood & Highland complex - aims to prove that New Orleans is, indeed, a moveable feast. The Gumbo Pot celebrates both Cajun and Creole fare, whose flavors differ in subtle yet distinctive ways based on their rich history and cultural influences.In 1632, descendants of French immigrants settled into a French colony called Acadia in Northeastern Canada.  These Acadian pioneers were industrious people who mixed their indigenous French recipes with ingredients found in this new land including rice, crawfish and sassafras (aka file'). Hearty seafood dishes often made in one big pot and served over rice, helped battle the long winter freeze. To this day, standard Cajun fare includes things like jambalaya and crawfish or shrimp etouffée. The Acadians persevered even after the British seized control of the land in the early 1700s. But all that changed in 1754 when the French and Indian War broke out. The British, worried that the Acadians would rebel and fight against them on the side of the French, expelled these folks from Canada, sending them to British colonies all over North America.A few thousand of the displaced Acadians fled to Louisiana and, upon settling, the locals begun using a dialectal derivation of the word 'Acadians' shortened to 'Cajuns' to describe these new settlers.Creole people on the other hand took the exact opposite geographical route from Europe to get to Louisiana. These French and Spanish descendents travelled through colonized Caribbean states before settling into what was then called French Louisiana in the 1700s. Creole recipes developed in New Orleans are usually more urbane and cross-cultural, including the cuisine traditions not just of the French and Spanish, but also of other European and African countries. Creole dishes are all about the rich sauces like shrimp Creole with its deep brick colored base that's spicier and more complex than a gumbo's traditional roux base. The Gumbo Pot plays no favorites when it comes to classic N'awlins-inspired dishes served in original Farmers Market since 1986. The stand with outdoor seating only and its sister spot at Hollywood & Highland's sprawling complex that opened in December, 2011, specialize in both Cajun and Creole delicacies that instantly transport diners to Bourbon Street with everything to feed the senses short of a Pat O's Hurricane and the stench of vomit. Their namesake, Gumbo Ya Ya, is the classic Cajun chicken stew served bubbling like a tomato tar pit loaded with shrimp and fingernail-sized hunks of sweet andouille sausage. The seafood version swaps additional shrimp, lump crabmeat and okra for the land-based meat and has a thick, briny quality and scent of the Atlantic Ocean. Both are served over fist-sized scoops of fluffy, warm white rich that's more comforting than a set of earplugs at a Zydeco festival. Traditional jambalaya served over rice suffers from too much flavor - particularly the salty richness of the sausage along with the extra Cajun spices. Pan-seared fish platters (catfish, snapper, salmon and soft shell crabs) often suffer from a heavy-handed Cajun spice rub and a blackness that can overwhelm the succulence of the flesh. And the one wee filet doesn't satisfy the double-digit price tag.Sticking with traditional NO fare, the Gumbo Pot has a dozen different Po' Boy sandwich selections. Po' Boys come with a variety of fillings all encased inside a hunk of French bread the size of a teenager's forearm baked warm and crispy on the outside and pillow soft the deeper you bite. The sandwich is dressed with lettuce, tomato, pickles, mayo and then stuffed with your choice of fried oysters, shrimp, crawfish, catfish, snapper, sausage, crab cake, meatloaf, salmon, chicken and on and on. The strips of blackened fish tend to get lost amid the loaf, but the crunchy, then chewy oysters with their bottom-dwelling seaworthiness make the perfect foil to the creamy mayo and crispy veges. Prices are reasonable ($8-12 for most sandwiches and entrees) and portions can be more than satisfying especially when washed down by a cool glass of unsweetened iced tea with more than a hint of fresh mint. Cap the meal with those traditional sugar-dusted, fried-dough golf balls called beignets and freebase a hit of jittery chicory café au lait, and you'll feel like you died and went to the Bayou.
4 Shared the jambalaya and gumbo.  They were just alright. Hardly had any meat in both of the items.Priscilla, who took our order, seemed as if she really hated being there.
4 My friends and I went to the Gumbo Pot last night.  I ordered the gumbo with creole mustard potato salad and it came with cornbread.  I'm sorry to say because I love Cajun food but we were both disappointed. The gumbo had chicken and sausage.  There was this weird fishy after taste to it. I didn't like it.  The potato salad was bland.  It had absolutely no flavor at all, nothing Cajun about it at all. Very disappointed.
3 i like gumbo pot! got there and saw the line .. that USUALLY MEANS SOMETHING! i ordered the seafood gumbo, kind of reminded me of vegetable soup but it was good! came w/ a side which i got pecan salad, which was okay and comes w/ delicious cornbread! but it wasnt warm and fresh!..(although there was only shrimp... WHERE'S THE CRABB?)i tried my friends jambalaya.. really smokey flavor, not for me and her sweet potato salad was KIND OF weird, kind of like carrot waldorf salad.. it was okay not that much tastei tried my other friend's mixed fried platter, the shrimp was good and her creole potato salad was good
4 Blackened snapper salad. Collard Greens. Enough said.
4.5 Definitely a po' boy experience when waiting for your food to be served.  Most of the items are in pots ready to be served and the food was good enough to be satisfied.  Had the shrimp and chicken jambalya w/ collard greens but I didn't recall any shrimp in my stew though.  I saw other dishes such as the fish plate and that was made to order.  That's probably the way to go next time I'm here.
3.5 This was a second choice since Little Spain was closed. I'm not an expert on creole food by any stretch of the mind but found the food tasty. I had the blackened catfish and also tried the jambalaya. I liked both dishes but the sides (potato salad) weren't great. Still, I would try other main dishes on the menu if I went back.
4 I used to think this place kicked all kinds of butt and took all kinds of names. Now, I think, "eh, it's good, but I love me some Creole Chef." I do love the sweet potato fries and the availability of items like gator and soft shell crab but, knowing that I can get what I consider to be better food and an equal price makes the excitement dwindle a bit for me. However, to Gumbo Pot's credit, they're easily accessible as they are in one place all the time; I haven't been able to get my Creole Chef fill for a while since they've gone the pop-up/farmer's market route. However, I will say that this is, to me, one of the best options in the vicinity and is consistently good.
4.5 I'm developing a taste for gumbo, which is quite unfortunate because there are not a lot of gumbo spots in Orange County. Anyways, I was in LA yesterday with a friend and she wanted me to try this spot. We decided to split our entrees so we could try more things. I got the Gumbo Ya Ya, which has chicken, shrimp, and sausage. It came with cornbread and a choice of a side. I got the sweet potato chips. My friend got the Mixed Po' boy, which has shrimp and oyster. I thought the base of the gumbo was good, flavorful and slightly spicy, but they were a little stingy with the chicken, shrimp, and sausage. My friend had to ask me if I got the right gumbo because she couldn't find any shrimp. The cornbread was really good though. I also really liked the sweet potato chips. The po' boy was also good, but, again, they were stingy with the shrimp and oyster. There was a lot of bread and lettuce and a thin layer of shrimp and oyster. Also, I didn't like the bread. Instead of toasting it or leaving it cold, they microwaved it. I knew because the end of the bread got really hard after sitting for awhile. I ended up throwing the end part away. Portion size was good, but they should be more generous with the ingredients. Service was just okay. They weren't super friendly.     Overall, a good spot to visit if you're in the area, but I personally wouldn't make the drive there just for it.
4 VERY DISAPPOINTING! Once upon a time (many years ago) this place served good food. I hadn't eaten at The Gumbo Pot in many years but, boy, things sure have changed. And not for the better. Most of what we ate was downright lousy. And as my wife says; "They seem to be going out of their way to keep protein OUT of their food!" While the gumbo is okay, with some bits of animal protein, some of the other items we had were awful.JAMBALAYA::  PoorThe Jambalaya was a $9 pile of tomato flavored rice. And it wasn't particularly good tasting at that! It seemed much more like school cafeteria Spanish rice than any Jambalaya I've ever had.  Honestly we found ONE tiny little shrimp and ONE small sliver of chicken in our order. And it was served lukewarm - almost cold!SHRIMP PO' BOY:  HorribleMostly bread - and not even good bread! Contents included; 4 tiny, overly breaded, cheapo shrimp - the same size shrimp you see sprinkled on top of salads at Denneys and truck stops, a few slivers of lettuce, some mayo, and the worst excuse for a sandwich roll we've had in ages. I discovered (too late) that they put slices of lemon - WITH THE PITH AND PEEL - inside the sandwich. I guess this is done to help make it seem like there are some actual contents. Talk about an experience leaving a bitter taste in your mouth. This not a Po Boy. Heck, it's not even a decent sandwich!RED BEANS & RICE:  AverageIt did have a noticeable presence of smoky meat bits, but unfortunately I poured a healthy dose of Crystal hot sauce on our order before trying it, so it might have just been the hot sauce I was tasting. I will have to give them the benefit of the doubt. It was served lukewarm. COLLARD GREENS:  GoodIt came as an unrequested side to one of our dishes but turned out to be the surprise hit of our meal. Worth going back for. Too bad it was also served lukewarm.CORNBREAD:  AverageTheir cornbread recipe is of the sweet 'Yankee' variety, but it was at least decent. It had small chunks of something present in the mix. We didn't bother to ask if it was the "cheddar cheese" or the "chilies" which their menu suggests but it didn't really add to or detract from the experience.GUMBO:  AverageThe gumbo was passable... for Los Angeles. Of course it wouldn't go over in Louisiana - or anywhere within a thousand miles of Louisiana - but it was edible. Much to our surprise it was served piping hot, unlike other dishes we ordered. At least they came reasonably close to getting their namesake right.SUMMATION: All in all, a poor excuse for 'Loosianna' cuisine. There are better places to spend your hard-earned dollars. Even at a tourist trap like the Farmers Market.
4 I love the Gumbo pot.  As a vegetarian they have lots of options. The bean salad is great, veggie greens are spicy and flavorful. The side salads are all interesting and tasty.  Whenever I go to the Farmers market I head right over.
4.5 The food is decent, when it comes to flavor. The prices, however, could be a bit kinder; most things are overpriced. Good ol' Louisianan hospitality gets lost at The Gumbo Pot, just like most patrons who wander too far in the maze where it calls itself home.The staff seems morose. However, I applaud them for their love of cooking and running a restaurant; it's not easy to keep a smile amid the sweltering heat of a 90-degree day and a 190-degree kitchen just 2 feet away from you.The only thing really worth trying is the Alligator Tail fillet. It's tasty! The biscuit it came with was really flaky and buttery. But the dijon potato salad was not very appetizing, and neither was the fried pickles appetizer; essentially, the fried pickles are made using sweet pickles instead of dill pickles, so you end up with a weirdly sweet breaded and fried sliced pickle that reminds you of sweet teriyaki. It's just one step above bad, so please just stick to old recipes, TGP--dill pickles only.
4.2 I want to give this place 4 stars but it was missing something, just can't put my finger on it.  Perhaps, food prepared in such large vats start to lose their original flave, TLC or special BAM!!Anyway, hubby and I were on the same wavelength.   I hadn't been to the Farmer's Market in LA since the mid 90s, so this was a culinary adventure.  After attending to kid's demand for corn dogs and ice cream, we made our way in the quest for jambalaya and gumbo.  I got the ya ya gumbo which i heard was more popular and less spicy.  I would say this food here is pretty authentic.   The workers behind the counter, not necessarily superfriendly but more so, super busy and slightly brusque.  Their so called Killer cornbread was pretty good, just a tad dry.  I want to check out their red beans and rice and etouffee next time along with the sweet potato chips. They also offered beignets but for some reason, I feel you need to really have those in Nu Awlins', know what I mean?  The dishes we ordered came with one side.  I chose collard greens for hubby which were tasty and I got the potato salad which I don't recommend.  It just didnt look good visually speaking.  It was actually shredded raw(?) sweet potato with raisins in some indescribable marinade.   I was actually expecting a creamy potato salad.  So being a trooper, I still wanted to be fair.   It just lacked in pizzaz and was diffficult to down. I got to taste both the gumbo and jambalaya, both are pretty good.  I asked for butter for my cornbread muffin and they had to scrounge to find one pat of butter for me.  Thought it was strange to not have butter that quickly available. I would check this place out again.
4.2 Just tried the gumbo from this place. The flavor was quite bland and I have yet to find seafood in my seafood gumbo. Maybe they should call it Okra gumbo because that's all I got. The corn bred muffin was ok if you like sweet corn bread. Overall disappointing.
2 This place has been in my review queue for quite a while. That's right, I said "queue" because saying "line" just isn't classy. I thought I'd finally review it because I just booked my plane ticket and hotel for a fun trip to New Orleans soon!! And by New Orleans, I mean N'awlins. So of course, I'm inspired.As you can tell by my "list", this place is smack dab in the middle of the Farmer's Market, more specifically karaoke central (in case you didn't know, there is public karaoke on Wednesdays in that courtyard area of the FM containing the Korean food stall, Italian food stall, and Du-par's Restaurant).Surprisingly, it's fairly good. Not spectacular to me, but good. Or maybe I'm not a huge fan of cajun food? When I go on my culinary tour of New Orleans soon, I will let you know for sure with an update! But until then, you betta simma' the eff down. Remember, 3 stars is "A-OK" you freaks, it's not THAT bad a rating. Just because it's a slightly lighter shade of orange, it doesn't mean I hate this place. Yeah, that's right, I'M IN YOUR HEAD.The definite positive is that I don't really get cajun food many places in LA so it makes this place a little more special, but for some reason, the names of the dishes and the beautiful chalky font they created to write the menu on the chalkboard make me salivate much more than the food necessarily deserves. I've had their traditional jumbalaya, and it's good! You really can't knock it. Their strawberry lemonade is also fantastic. Their seafood gumbo is pretty good too. I've always eaten here on very cold nights for some reason, so these are great menu items for those nights when your nipples just won't go back down. I don't know if I'd necessarily recommend the po'boys, as I had a fried catfish po'boy and it was pretty dry and lackluster, inclusive of lackluster size and veggie fillings. I've had a MUCH better po'boy on that food truck that starts with a "W", can't remember. Bad short- and/or long-term memory. I've had better cornbread too from other places in LA. As you can see, the place is good enough for me to go back on cold days, but I also have finished my experimentation and know what I like. And since I'm at the FM on a weekly basis, I have to vary my food stall choices. I can't ALWAYS have Brazilian or Singaporean!Final warning, I know what you're thinking, "Drunken shrimp", I'm getting that! Sounds fantastic! But I bet you it's not what you think it is. I BET YOU. It's not a thick soup at all. It's a very watery soup in fact. There's not a lot in it, although the flavor is good, and the shrimp inside still have their shells on so you'll have to dig through your soup to peel them and eat them. If you're not in the mood for mess, don't do it!! Heed my warning. And if that's your thing, well then go for it, CHAMP!
5 Came to the gumbo pot and got the jambalaya and mixed seafood which came out to $14. All was ok - a little pricey given the other options around. Originally we wanted the soft shell crab but they had run out.  And when we did get the mixed poboy (mix of oyster and shrimp) the bread was a little dry and not enough seafood inside.Jambalaya was good and met my expectations of spice, flavor and rice consistency.
5 Had the Po' Boy sandwich with oysters. Didn't have much flavor and was particularly bland as far as the condiments and overly toasted bread. Chalked it up as a weak meal but about an hour later I got food poisoning. Hot sweats, freezing shivers back and forth with curdling pain for 5 hours. DO NOT GO HERE. Worst food I've ever had in Los Angeles.
3 Mmm mmm mmm!!!I love me some Gumbo Pot.I've never been to New Orleans so I can't comment on the authenticity of this magical Farmer's Market stand...but I can comment on the deliciousness of the meals I've had there.They have a particularly awesome blackened chicken caesar salad that comes with heirloom cherry tomatoes and some olives (which I pick out, much to the happiness of my olive-loving friends). I'm not the biggest blackened meat fan, but this has a barely blackened flavor. The amount of dressing is right on -- not to much. Someone actually stopped me when I was eating the salad once to ask where I got it because it looked so delicious!Other great items: sweet potato chips, corn bread, red beans & rice, jambalaya. One thing I didn't like very much were the hush puppies. Anything that reminds me of the corn coating on a corn dog HAS to be good -- but the freshly made ones here were incredibly dry to the point of being inedible. Perhaps we got a bad batch, but I would pass on these next time. Very excited to try a po' boy and roasted eggplant muffaletta at some point soon. And perhaps some cornmeal fried oysters or catfish.Mmm mmm mmm!!!
3 This place isn't that great - Farmer's Market has inconsistent restaurants, and Gumbo Pot is no exception. The Jambalaya was way too heavy on the tomato sauce, and gave me heartburn. The andouille sausage was burnt, and the shrimp tasted fishy, not fresh. The cornbread is dry and uninteresting. The lemonade was Minute Maid. I was expecting great Cajun food, and was very disappointed. This is good for tourists wanting to try "Cajun" food, not the authentic deal.
3 Amazing food, I found the corn bread a tad too sweet and the servings were ginormous so those points knock it down to a four but amazing creole food for the price! Love!
1 So I'm sick and wanted something hot and Delicious. At first was going to get pho, but then I thought no I want some gumbo. . So I ordered the gumbo Yaya And let me just say that was the most nasty gumbo I have ever tasted.  I hate tomato soup and that is exactly what their gumbo taste like. I'm so disappointed in this food business. The rice in the gumbo tasted like some school food to rice. The greens tasted mushy and fishy and the cornbread was so hard and dry. Just Yuck !!!!!!! WOULD NOT RECOMMEND!!!!!!
5 One word - Jambalaya. That dish is the main reason why I am giving this place 4 stars. It is a savory, spicy bowl of soul food goodness filled with chicken and boudin sausage. To make it even better it comes with a cornbread muffin and a choice of salad (I recommend the slaw or the candied pecan salad), and the lemonade just rounds it out into a scrummy meal. They also offer Gumbo Ya-Ya (pretty good), Cajun meatloaf (also tasty), and blackened chicken (meh). Po' Boys are available and I have always been a big fan of the catfish so I tried one of their catfish Po' Boys and was disappointed (which is why I docked a star). The catfish had that manky old dirty water taste to it, which means it was not fresh. Bugger.So if you need a warming dish, come here and get the Jambalaya because you will not be disappointed. Also try the beignets for a tasty dessert.
2 Man, I've been coming to this place for almost the full 8 years that I've been living in LA and I can't believe I never reviewed it.Haven't been back in awhile so it was nice to bring back some nice yummy memories on my last visit this past weekend.Got their seafood gumbo like always and woo, the smooth smokey flavor of their gumbo.  Still just as good as before.We also got their seafood combo plate consisting of catfish, oysters and shrimp... mmm.  Love the corn meal batter.Overall, a must-go-to place when you're at the Farmers' Market.
2 I got da Red Beans & Rice ($8.95) combo plate wit Collard Greens for dinner on May 20th.  It was a much larger portion than their gumbo plate and rightfully much more filling.  STARCHY!  FIBROUS!  CAHL-OHR-REES!  The collard greens were delicious, mon ami.  Dat dere cornbread was magical.I tried my friend's gumbo and while it was spicier than my red beans and rice, it didn't cast a voodoo spell on me.  I guess I was spoiled by having the real deal in New Orleans.  Regardless of that fact, it was different, and deliciously savory in its own respect.  Located at the back of the Farmer's Market along with a stage for would-be American Karaoke Idol hopefuls (yes, like you), it makes for a rather pleasant evening.  Drunkards and off-key Holly-weirdos galore, be sure to watch out for the elder lady in the sequined dress who rips it with "Sweet Dreams" and who'll haunt yours if you should pass up The Gumbo Pot.________Note to self (02/25/12):  Who dat?  Who dere?  Roll Bounce on dem fresh Beignets baby ($3.25)!!!
3.5 I gotta tell ya. I'm not impressed. :-(Besides the fact they took FOREVER to prepare my simple sandwich, the po'boy was noting but a bready mound of lettuce & tomatoes with a sprinkle of meat. I couldn't believe it. It should have been called a po'bread rather than a po'boy. The potato salsas look scrumptious when it came to me. But after the first bite... I thought it was a bowl of paper. Not a single flavor in it. I may go back to try their gumbo. If that fails, I'll never recommend this place. - Mr. Shannon
4 What the hell?My jambalaya tasted like it was from a box. It wasn't spicy, it wasn't that flavorful, I got 2 pieces of sausage and the only redeeming thing was how tender the shredded chicken was but really, this is what people are willing to come back for? The collard greens was no better than anything I've had around LA but the corn bread was truly bad. It was 10 minutes away from becoming a brick in the oven. Apparently the side salad comes with some granny apple slices (not a big deal) but what are those strange pickled sweet cucumbers? I really tried to like them, thinking it's an acquired taste or something but it was just plain disgusting. I had to get up to grab a napkin to spit it out. But anyway, my boyfriend asked for a few croutons for the salad but the lady told him it's only reserved for the full sized salads and walked away. Listen, we spent $30 on the entire dinner meal that was more like an unsatisfactory lunch, and you can't spare a few croutons? Lighten up.
4 Now, I'm only providing my review based on what I ordered: the beignets...I had just come back from a trip to New Orleans and was craving beignets, and my hubby and I stumbled upon The Gumbo Pot at the Farmers Market. Now granted that I was not expecting anything 100% authentic because I realize that I would have to go back to NOLA to experience a real beignet, but the beignets at The Gumbo Pot were pretty close. They were made to order like an authentic NOLA beignet and were light and airy in the middle like an authentic NOLA beignet, but their outer shell was a bit on the crispy side.If I were craving beignets again and were in the area, I would definitely return to The Gumbo Pot to order their version of the classic NOLA beignet.
3 I'm not sure to what standard other Yelper's might have, but I thought this place definitely hit the spot for me. As a person who dabbles in the culinary arts on my free time, I have had my share of Jambalaya without ever stepping foot in New Orleans. That being said, I definitely don't have experience with the "original standard" of authentic Jambalaya. But in any case, having a decent bowl doesn't necessarily mean having to get it in New Orleans. In fact, I'm not even sure of the owners origins, they could be from Down South and they are possibly sharing their own family recipes. Okay, end rant. On a beautiful Tuesday morning, I felt it was a great day to spend a little money and enjoy some leisure time at the mall with my dogs. Naturally, I chose to go to the Grove/Farmer's market since there was a Three Dog Bakery. (Yes, I am a person that totally spoils my dogs with decadent, overpriced treats). Anyways, before leaving I decided to try one of the many small food vendors at the farmers market. There were way too many to choose from, I had no Idea what to eat. The answer came to me when leaving the bathroom, believe it or not. I saw the Gumbo Pot sign from the bathroom and I remembered my recent cravings for Jambalaya. So I gave this place a try. Sometimes I get a little weary about open air vendors. And the place doesn't look as clean as it could be, but that didn't matter at the time. I was on a hunt. I was feening for that bowl of Jambalaya. OK, so this place has decent prices for their portions. I couldn't even finish my food, but the Jambalaya was satisfying and so Good I just kept eating. I loved it. I savored every bite. Rice was cooked through, excellent flavor, bits of Okra, chunks of chicken, and huge slices of sausage. Perfect balance of ingredients and just the right amount of spicy kick. I find myself craving this all the time now. I would definitely make this my go to spot for Jambalaya. I definitely prefer it over the store bought mix and Popeyes version. Hell, I'll even go as far to say its even better than my attempts at making Jambalaya. Obviously, I'm missing that soulful ingredient that makes a good Jambalaya. Anyways. I'd definitely give this place a try if you're willing to experiment with different foods that aren't as mainstream. I do have to say though, the cornbread and sweet potato salad could use some improvements. They come with the Jambalaya so you don't really have a choice anyways. For about $8 you get a Large bowl of Jambalaya (which is more than enough), Sweet Potato salad, and Cornbread. I also indulged in the chocolate beignets which were pretty good, but messy to eat.
4 Really disappointing.I got the seafood gumbo and it was so bland. Hello, it's cajun so where is the spice and flavor?!?! I added Tobasco and still no kick. The collar greens were too salty and again no flavor. It has bacon and missing flavor. How is that possible? The only saving grace is the corn bread. If you've been to New Orleans, skip this place. It would just make you miss that city even more.
4.5 A bunch of us were at the Grove @ the Farmers Market having some fun for the day so we thought we would try some of the delights offered here. I caught eye of their review that said it was the best. I have to dispute that review and have the reviewer come to try again.We ordered the Ya Ya Gumbo. I have to say it should be named "No No Gumbo". My best analysis is that it is closely related to the water that comes out of a can of red beans with some okra, slivers of shrimp, shards of sausage, and a smattering other unknowns in. The flavor was just plain bland and lifeless. It included one side (of which we had sweet potato chips) and rice.Value for the dollar was unfavorable. The bowl was a medium size and the accompaniments were somewhat small also. While just under the moderate price range, I would say it was pricey.I think there are better offerings elsewhere.
3.5 I had gone to the Gumbo Pot twice. I came back because I showed the little yellow take-home menu to my curious boyfriend, a native of New Orleans. Other than The Boiling Crab in Little Saigon, there aren't many opportunities we get to eat crawfish so we went for lunch.The shrimp po boy was goodnotgreat - crispy deep-fried coating of cornmeal, between two pieces of... what I thought, was, sorta stale french bread - and some slices of lemon.  Yesterday Boyfriend ordered the red beans and rice which he thought was "the most flavorless" he'd ever had. The crawfish was "cooked but cold." I expected it would taste reminiscent of the days after a crawfish boil. 14 overcooked pieces for $7 is disappointing. Overcooked, flavorless, with no goodies. This poo should be attached to the awful Uncle Darrow's in Culver City for all pooconglomerateocity.
4 Okay,  I've lived in New Orleans and I didnt come here with any kind of judgemental attitude but my goodness!I ordered the seafood gumbo, tasteless,  nothing tasted fresh, it all tasted like it came directly from a can.I did bite into measly morceaux  of tiny shrimp, utter disappointment.Presentation, minus 0,  Imagine what your plate of food would look like if you suddenly woke up, and the wicked witch of the west had turned you into swine. okay I'm being dramatic,  it wasn't that terrible but it looked icky!  I can forgive unattractive food as longas it tastes good.If you have to eat here,  get the greens.Cornbread goodToo.  I gave  the place a star for the greens and a star for theCornbread. Lemonade,  completely artificial.   How hard is it to make fresh lemonade?  NotGoing to eat here again. Plenty people would find itjust  fine, but I'm more of a discerning  eater and if you are too,  skip it.
4.5 I wanted this place to be amazing. I was so excited but.... such a massive disappointment. Order came out wrong and food was cold. What makes it worse is they warmed up my food in a microwave. Wait what really makes it worse is how much it costs. Thumbs DOWN!
4 Tastes like Progresso Soup.Only when I buy Progresso I know it's going to taste like bad canned tomatoes, salt and mushy junk.  So I'm not disappointed.Also I never buy Progresso Soup.  Similarly one should not buy anything from The Gumbo Pot.Some cultures have decidedly bland food, by nature.  My own people's Matzo Ball Soup is not known for its diversity of flavors and heat-bringing spices.  But one thing gumbo should NOT be is inedibly bland.
4 Any business should meet or exceed expectations on its namesake - in this case the The Gumbo Pot can't make a decent cup of gumbo. Issues follow:The roux - too thinThe andouille - non existentThe holly veggie trinity - way way way to muchThe shrimp - fishy tastingThe price - I'd expect a lot more from a $8 cup of gumboPeople say you are what you eat - after this cup I felt like s*it
4.5 Alright, Gumbo Pot. Your food is hit-and-miss but not authentically New Orleans and, like many of the eateries in the Farmers Market, expensive. I ordered the seafood gumbo (only gumbo option without sausage), and paid the $1.75 extra to get beans and rice as a side. The gumbo was good but not great. My friend got the shrimp po' boy which was tasty, but came with no sides. We shared an order of beignets which were NOT it. Way too doughy. It hit the spot of celebrating Mardi Gras but with all the other food choices here I don't think I'd be back.
3.9 I wish I had read the reviews before. I would really avoid this place! The attendant will pressure you into leaving a tip - to the point where I left one because I was terrified that she was going to spit into my food. This is a FAST CASUAL style place - tips are optional. She did not bring it to me. I worked at a fast-casual place for YEARS and never shook people down like that, esp. since there's a 3.5% charge for credit cards. The po-boys are a generous size but don't let that fool you. As a previous person said, they are filled with lemons with the rind still on - I had a partial sticker on mine and I just wanted to throw up. I wanted to complain but she was so insane, pacing around, mumbling to herself, that I was terrified to be honest. She should be fired but this is probably a mom & pop place. The meatloaf po-boy my partner got was good (no weird lemon) but it had straight up mayo on it (not remoulade) which was weird. The gumbo is TERRIBLE - like someone threw some Dinty Moore Meat & Rice into Campbell's tomato soup. The hush puppies are not full corn, they are ground. Sauce was great but the hush puppies were REALLY dry. Honestly, the only reason I give two stars is because the sandwiches are big. But the attitude needs to go, the prices are much higher than I expected.
4.2 Being that I'm creole and am so tired of standing around a stove for hours stirring roux and roping okra I decided to give this place a try. I tasted the gumbo I didn't like the roux it was very tomato soup ish as far as taste and consistency. No worries my fiancé enjoyed  the catfish platter, well atleast initially. He specified twice that he wanted vegetarian red beans and rice. He eats half of his food and then I notice something that looks like pork he assures me it's not so I take a bite and LO and behold pork he's been eating pork and already ate half of it. He does not and will not ever willingly eat pork, unlike myself. He had them switch it out but at that point he was already turned off by the whole idea no apologies or nothing like it's not a big deal no it's a big deal we live in a society where people have strict food restrictions so if it's specified (twice) then there should be no room for error especially at the prices that are being paid at his establishment.
4 So disappointing. The worst blackend fish Po Boy ever. Lousy, tastless, flat seafood gumbo accompanied by some funky sweet potatoe salad with raisins. Oh by the way, the service person couldn't have cared less what we wanted or needed. It was so bad we left it half uneaten and went somewhere else to get dinner. Avoid.
2 Today I had the soft shell crab platter.  And the seafood gumbo and beignets. The crabs were hollow, the gumbo was awful. The beignets were hard on the outside and doughy in the inside they were flat not fluffy.  The entire meal was awful.  This is the 2nd time I tried the gumbo pot.  I was born in New Orleans and am always looking for that New Orleans taste.  It is not at the Gumbo pot at the farmers marketif I could give it a zero I would and that makes me sad.  I am always looking to support.  But won't try again.
1 What a joke to New Orleans food. Ruined my first experience. Poor customer service but you'll find that here at the Farmers Market quite a lot. They prioritize easy orders first so don't be surprised if they call your order after they serve 20 others who ordered after you. Gumbo tasted like something I can make at home.
1 I usually go to the same food stand or two when I'm in farmers market but this last visit I decided to try something new.  I'm a huge fan of Creole food so The Gumbo Pot sounded like a perfect fit.  I went on a coldish day so I thought a bowl of jambalaya would hit the spot.  It will cost you $10 for a good sized bowl, a side of collard greens, and a cupcake sized piece of corn bread. Jambalaya - I was cold so the hot food felt really good to eat but that was pretty much all the food had going for it.  I know a lot of other reviews have said this but it really did taste like canned tomatoes and rice.  There wasn't that strong gummy Creole flavor. I got a couple pieces of chicken and sausage, but usually when I order jambalaya the meat has more flavor.Collard Greens - They were okay, but they too had something off about their flavorCorn Bread - I thought the bread was really good.  I just wish there was more of it.  I tried to spread out my bites so it would last the whole bowl but it only got me half way through.Maybe their other dishes are better, but I think next time I'm craving something different I'll be trying somewhere else.
3 I'm not too big on Cajun food, but I enjoyed this place. I had a Mixed Po'Boy, sweet potato salad, etouffee, and a beignet.The mixed po'boy and the beignet were great.If I was in the area I'd probably eat here again, but I wouldn't go out of my way.
4 The food is poor here and does not taste good. I have had the gumbo and the crab and a few family members have tried a few dishes and thought it was not good.
3 It's hard to compare cajun food outside of 'Nawlins to food you get in the Quarter.  Still, if you're looking for a reasonable approximation here in Los Angeles, the Gumbo Pot ranks pretty high on the list.  I like their Gumbo but their Jambalaya leaves me wanting.  It's also worth noting that it's kind of expensive, which is funny since Cajun food started out as poor folk bayou-chow.The main reason I don't visit the Gumbo Pot more often is location.  The Farmer's Market is a pain to get into with the Grove next door and all.  Thus, if I make the effort I tend to go for Pampas instead.Don't bother with the beignets.  Weak.  Honestly, if you're not at Cafe Du Monde, don't waist your time.  Visit Bob's Donuts instead.I'd recommend checking out Bourbon St. Shrimp if you're looking for a Cajun fix.  They're a much better bet.
1 Blech.  First of all, this isn't a restaurant, but just a counter at the Farmers Market.  I didn't try their food, but I couldn't finish my beignets or my chickory coffee.  A friend and I came here super excited after our recent trip to New Orleans, but almost shed a few tears after our first tastes.
2 For the past couple of weeks I've been contemplating about coming here and trying out their alligator meat and frog legs. It wasn't until finally a friend eased me into this place that we got a chance to try. Although I was clueless on what to expect, I had somewhat an idea what the heck we were about to eat. I tell ya the most surprising item here had to been the crawfish. Many folks note it similar to eating a lobster, from personal experience those little suckers are no where close to a lobster. In fact there is far less meat than your jumbo size lobster. But wait we didn't come here to criticize their seafood, we came here for their alligator and frog legs.Unfortunately for some odd reason they were sold out of alligator meat. Still we continued with our plan, the frog legs. Who would have thought frogs have bones, alright I'll be honest never took a biology class and went straight to chemistry. It is true, it does taste a lot like chicken. I was thinking maybe the restaurant fooled and gave us chicken. Frog legs were okay, dried corn bread mediocre, and the sides were just plain.I wasn't really wowed by the food here, maybe it was the outdoor farmers market setting that ruined the ambiance. Or perhaps it was the giant horseflies who kept hovering over our food. The food was just okay, would I go back and try it again, maybe.
3 Just OK. Tourist grade creole. Gumbo is just OK. The fried oysters and other seafood are decent but nothing to write home about. Try Uncle Darrows in Marina del Rey if you want something Creole/Cajun kick-ass and always perfect. Gumbo Pot is OK if you just happen to be at Farmers Market.
4.2 Mediocre cajun/creole that is WAAAAY past its prime. The tourists might like it (especially with that Farmers Market vibe), but much better gumbo (and other cajun/creole) can be had at other places around town, most notably Uncle Darrow's in Marina del Rey/Venice.
3.7 So I came in here yesterday, after wanting to come here since March after my trip to New Orleans. I've been craving beignets since, and even coming up to the parking lot, my mouth was already watering for the deep fried goodness.So first thing's first, the place was a little hard to find in the Farmer's Market. To make it easy for those wanting to give this place a visit, it's by the Starbucks on the southwest side of the market. Finally after scouring the stores around, I found it and was dying for my beignets.I took my little brother, and he wanted to try some creole food for the first time, so we ordered a bowl of gumbo ya-ya, which we had served with sweet potato chips and cornbread. The gumbo was DELICIOUS. A lot spicier that what you would have in New Orleans, but it had quite good taste. Sweet potato chips were alright, but they were slightly overcooked.Now for the beignets. See, I have this theory that once you try New Orleans food, you have high expectations for what is "authentic" as they say here in the west coast. But nothing is more authentic than actually tasting what's in the south. Gumbo Pot beignets will NEVER measure up to Cafe Du Monde beignets. They were small, dry, and didn't have too much good flavor. And also I'm expecting a pound of powdered sugar on these suckers, just like they're served at Cafe Du Monde, but over here looks like they were running out on their last sprinkles of sugar. Utter disappointment. I'll give this place another visit, but not for the beignets. Such a shame. -_- But aside from that, their gumbo is right on. I even wanted to try their alligator fillet, but unfortunately it was sold out. I'll go ahead and give it a try next time and see what's all the fuss about, but from what I see, it's probably pretty good if it's the only item on the menu to sell out quick.Just a word of advice though, don't keep your hopes too high for food here to taste exactly like New Orleans. It's like 75% there.
4 I'm pretty sure this place is under new ownership or management. It used to be my favorite place at the farmers market. The corn bread used to be moist and really tasty. It is now bone dry and crumbly. The jambalaya used to be a little spicy with lots of hunks of moist chicken and andouille sausage. Now it has a very heavy tomato based one-note flavor and a lot less meat. The beignets used to be freshly made and crispy and now seem like something heated up in the oven. So disappointing because it was the only place I knew of in LA with good New Orleans style food.
3 Their gumbo Yaya is watery soup w/rice. Don't even bother. Only thing that was semi decent was collard greens!
4 Simply awful.  I visited this place and tried their soft shell crab, oister, and blackened fish poboys and don't have any intention in ever coming back to this place.  The bread was stale and the contents tasteless.  Actually, not tasteless, just plain awful.  To the owner of this place, please do something about the quality of the food you sell.  It does not even deserve one star.  It seriously ruined my farmer's market experience.  Sorry for being so mean, but just being honest.
4.5 After passing by the Gumbo Pot several times while at the farmer's market... I was excited to finally get to try it. And sadly, I was not impressed. My boyfriend and I tend to ask a lot of questions about the menu before we make a decision... And the employees were not too enthused by it to say the least. We ended up ordering the vegetarian red beans and rice, frog legs, and shrimp po' boy. We were very disappointed. We tried to pinpoint what each plate was missing and we came to the conclusion that it wasn't made with love. As corny as it may sound... It's that simple. No one who worked their looked happy to be there, and I believe we even asked the owner about the menu and he wasn't very personable. If you're in the mood for some awesome creole food.... UNCLE DARROW'S in Marina Del Rey will do the trick!! :)
3.5 This was the first time i've ever eaten alligator. It tastes like chicken but the texture is chewier, as if a chicken and squid had babies and the gumbo pot caught them, breaded and deep fried them.  I love the jambalaya with chicken and andouille sausage! This rice dish is packed with smokey and spicy flavors. I wasn't able to try the gumbo but I promised myself I'd buy a cup the next time I'm there.Entrees include cornbread and your choice of mustard potato salad, sweet potato salad, collard greens..and i forgot the rest. Prices range from 7 to 11 bucks.
4 This place was just simply awful. The gumbo was not seasoned and the PoBoy sandwich needed mayo not lemons.  The lady in the back on her cell phone making orders was not very friendly.
4.5 Definitely not as good as NOLA flavors, however their meat pies were good..the jambalaya is aight.. Could use more flavors.
4 I don't eat cajun food often, if that is what this is? I can't say it's origins or what it is supposed to taste like. But when I do have it I have come to expect certain things from it. The food here at The Gumbo Pot did not meet those expectations.Reasonable as those expectations are. Such as the Shrimp Po' Boy have more then a bit of shrimp in it and not a mountain of green stuff. The sandwich itself seemed haphazard in presentation and lacked flavor, the fact it tries to be a big sandwich doesn't help. Why not just do something a little original, present it well, and call it a Po' Boy? Hell make it smaller, I don't care. Just don't make a large roll sandwich, promise some shrimp, and forget the main ingredient. If you have what it takes basically but can't do it right, just do it differently, but good. This sandwich left this boy feeling poor, indeed. Next up, red beans and rice. I know you cannot mess this up because I grew up eating and making mexican food, and not even I can mess up beans and rice. Of any kind! And while I am no expert on cajun cooking I am pretty sure it is supposed to be a flavorful, somewhat spicy dish. A well seasoned affair. But this? I am not exactly a low brow eater, or much of one at all, but I have got to say the red beans and rice at Popeye's is better. My stove top attempts with store bought "mix" is better. I don't know? Maybe it's supposed to lack flavor? Maybe I am the one getting it wrong? And perhaps the few bit's of sausage in there are supposed to be a little grey in color? But I doubt it.Don't be allured by the storefront and promises of good, hot food. Or even the food you see being served.  It is still about taste and texture. But overall, taste and flavor. This place lacks both, speaking for the food.
4 Hoped the food was gonna be epic, however right away the girl taking our order was super rude and a quiet talker. Very annoying when you want to ask questions about the food. Alligator wasn't available. So we got the the frog legs and the soft shell crab, both were stale and chewy. On top of that the sweet potato salad was odd and the corn biscuit was also stale. Definitely do not recommend!
4.5 The chicken and sausage gumbo here is just awful!  It consists of lots of rice swimming in a sea of waht appears to be tomato sauce(!), not roux, with a few bits of chicken and sausage in it.  It bears utterly no resemblance to the wonderful gumbos served at Prejeans in Lafayette, LA or K-Paul's Lousiana Kitchen in NOLA, or many other places in Louisiana.  The stuff they serve here under the name "Gumbo Ya-Ya" is just dreadful.The jambalaya is somewhat better, but is mostly a bowl of rice with little else in it. Sheesh, you're better off buying a box of Zatarain's Jambalaya Mix at the local supermarket and making your own! The mustard potato salad is so bad, it is inedible.  If you're looking for good Lousiana cooking in Los Angeles, this is most definitely NOT the place.
4.2 No ham in the rice and beans... And only one piece of chicken and two pieces of sausage in the jambalaya. No heat or spice at all. Corn bread dry and crumbly.Very disappointed :(
4.2 Probably the worst cajun food I've ever had. Spent $20 and we left most of it on our table. Hush puppies were like tiny, hard rocks. Thumbs down
2 In the midst of Farmer's Market in 3rd street, my friend took me to try this place. It's a counter service style, the dude is nice, I ordered the red beans and gumbo, it tasted pretty good, but I think the food has been sitting and cooked all day long...must be a stewing method. Tastes I didn't have complaints, but man 15 bucks for this in outdoor counter-service food? pricey. I'm not gonna die for it.
4 The beignets taste like microwaved toaster struddles covered in cheap sugar and do not come with sauce. I would recommend getting dessert and sweets somewhere else. Truly disappointed as this is a staple of Cajun cuisine and the New Orleans area.
1 So nice to have an honest portal to Louisiana within a pebble's toss from the Grove.  The Gumbo Pot incorporates all of the grease, butter, fat, & mischief that you will find at a greasy spoon on Burban St.  Priced about the same as Burbon St. as well.  I had the Seafood Gumbo.  Strong flavor, a bit on the thick side of Gumbo.  A lot of rice buried in the soup.  Definitely had some heartburn after completing this.  Finished up with the REQUIRED Barq's rootbeer to wash this down.  Returned for the Oyster & Shrimp Po Boy.  Bread was way too much for me.  The oysters and "shrimps" were killer though.  You must order this dressed, with the hot mayonnaise and lettuce.  Nasty but required as well.  There is no way imaginable to order a healthy meal here.I want to return for the coffee au lait and beignets.  PARKINGCHEAPSERVICE IS FINEthis place has worse reviews than it deserves.  Definitely stay close to po boys here and don't stray very far from that.
1 looks very traditional southern US food make rice, vegetable and meat cook together for long time. corn cake is good not sweet. but the price is so so.
4 I don't know why I gave this place 4 stars last time.Every time I go to the farmer's market, I ALWAYS pick up a mixed poboyand I am ALWAYS satisfied.Thus, I am updating and editing.Don't hate on the poboy ladies and gentlemen.It ALWAYS taste just as good as the first time. yaknowwhatimean lol
1 I always get the mixed po boy at The Gumbo Pot whenever I'm in the Farmer's Market. I wish it wasn't so pricey but beggars can't be choosers.The mixed po boy is delicious!The jambalaya is alright.I always walk down to tusquellas fish & oyster bar and grab a cup ofclam chowder and eat it with my mixed po boy.I think my po boy goes better with clam chowder.
1 Great food! The fried alligator filet is very delicious. So are the vegetarian greens. Highly recommend.
2 Food was Not Cajun unless you like over cooked rue and over used spice vs favors that meld. Everything ordered tasted the same.
2 The muffulrtta was excellent at the Hollywood Highland location. I have had them in the French Quarter and while not quite as good they are the best I've had outside of New Orleans.
2 Love me some shrimp and oyster po'boys from The Gumbo Pot!  Always a treat!  We also got an order of the crawfish which was very plentiful!Hardest part is choosing which po'boy to get, so many to choose from!
3.5 Ordered the shrimp po boy and it was so good that l gave my boyfriend half of my sandwich. Who knew slices of lemon (with peel) could be so tasty in a sandwich!!!! Mind Blown! Will definitely be coming back for other tasty food options.
4 I've been coming to the gumbo pot for a long long time, way before I started having large crowds over to the house for my own gumbo recipe.  Mine is based on talking to the cooks at the Gumbo pot about okra vs file etc.  My parents are devotees as well, when they are in town.  I personally love the gumbo yaya and the cornbread.  Their sides are good and portions are huge.  You'll actually find lots of meat in the gumbo.  The shrimp po' boys are excellent as well.  Try it, you'll love it!
4 The Gator Gumbo and the Gator bites were not good. The meat in the Gumbo tastes like it was dry, which I don't understand when it was sitting in Gumbo. The Gator bites taste like gizzards cooked in old grease. The red beans and rice were just different...
3 At the Adam's Ave street fair I politely asked if when he had a moment I could purchase a disposable bowl so that I could give my dog some water as the collapsible water bowl I had melted and he said F*** no. I even intended to buy food from him once I situated my dog(she always comes first). I just don't understand how someone can be so rude and callous toward another person and thier pet on such a hot day over a 10¢ paper bowl I'd have paid 5 bucks for. Thankfully the nice lady at the shaved ice stand gave me a cup and even some ice without charging me becouse that's the right thing to do but I still gave her a tip and bought several snow cones from her just because that is also the  right thing to do
4 First of all I'd like to say that my curiosity got the best of me when I saw the Gumbo Pot featured on "Eye on LA."  Secondly, being a native of New Orleans, LA  I haven't tasted authentic Gumbo at any restaurant in California!  So my husband and I made a beautiful summer day of shopping and dining at Farmer's Market.  First stop....The Gumbo Pot.  Thank God they allowed us a spoonful taste test!   What ever this "stew-like dish was, it was OK, but it wasn't gumbo.   Both versions of their Gumbo had NO taste of Seafood whatsoever!!!!  It didn't even SMELL like Gumbo!!  You have to literally COOK some crabs in the heavenly mixture called Gumbo.   The "gumbo" was too thick, and it looked like stew.  The authentic Gumbo that we cook has a consistency of soup filled with shrimp, crab, andouille sausage and sometimes oysters.    I settled for the shrimp and oyster po'boy...or so I thought..,(it was just shrimp)  I'm used to both in my po'boy.  Oh well, it was still tasty.  My husband opted for the jambalya...he said it was just OK also, as he is used to our family's creole cooking.  I'm not going to give this place a bad rating but its hard to give it a good rating when the MAIN dish of the restaurant tastes nothing like it's supposed to!   What I can say is that I am so Blessed to be able to cook and eat real New Orleans cuisine and I wish others could experience it also!   (My wife wrote this review)
4.5 Average southern fare. The seafood gumbo was decent, however lacked a good amount of shrimp/crab compared to the vegetables. The cornbread, albeit slightly hard on the outside, was tasty but the mustard potato salad was terrible (in my opinion; I prefer soft potato salad and wished I had gone with the collard greens). I found the food to be kind of pricey, rounding upwards, came to $9. I think next time I'd rather try something else in the market.
3.5 Good fried catfish po'boy sandwich. The white bread roll was fresh, but the pieces of fish were small.  This is a very simple sandwich, and was a little expensive at $8.  I also had fritters (deep fried dough with sugar) for dessert, which were fresh, hot, and tasty.
4 The hubby and I stopped at The Farmer's Market for a snack over the weekend and ended up trying The Gumbo Pot's beignet. Can you say delicous?   The beignets are fresh, light, airy and have this powdery sugar goodness that makes the treat oh so yummy.   Good stuff.
4.5 I looove jambalaya and was really excited to see this place at the Fairfax Farmer's Market. I was a little surprised by the price (nearly $10 after tax for the jambalaya). It did end up being a huge bowl of jambalaya with cornbread & lots of sweet potato chips, so it would have been worth the $10 EXCEPT the jambalaya kinda sucked. It was like a can of crushed tomatoes, a bowl of rice, and a few pieces of sausage and chicken thrown together. Very watery, kinda like a gumbo they're just calling jambalaya (and not a good gumbo). Fortunately they have a nice selection of hot sauces to spice things up a bit, but it still didn't make it a very yummy meal.
4 This is probably one of the most interesting places to eat at the Farmers Market. It certainly has the longest lines. Service is fast and food is served in styrofoam. The jambalaya was pretty good. Expect to spend about $12 for your meal. Not exactly cheap eats, but pretty comparable to everything else you find at the Market.
4 Even for LA, this is extremely mediocre Cajun food.  I always go in hopeful, always end up wishing I could import something from Florida.
4.5 Jambalaya with killer cornbread. This is the perfect fix to any chilly night in Los Angeles. Sit down, under a heater and enjoy this steaming bowl of home cookin'. Finish it down with a diet root beer, and be happy to have enough for tomorrow's lunch at work. That's what I do!
4.2 One star for not honoring posted prices. If prices have changed, then update the menu. Charging customers a higher price because that's what the register shows is just bad business.
4.2 Decided to try something different and ordered the Jambalaya.  Wasn't really hungry so just decided to share one order with my GF.  The Jambalaya came with one side which we decided on sweet potato and cornbread that came with the meal.  The Jambalaya was very hearty and flavorful and the sweet potato salad was a very refreshing combination of shredded sweet potato shavings and apples and raisins.  We also ordered the strawberry lemonade to wash everything down with.
2 Food was OK, nothing special, decent size portion og Jamabalia with a side of Collard Greens and Corn bread we about $12, located inside farmers market the prices are higher than they would be at another food court location. The order was up quickly and was filling but there was nothing to set it appart from the competition.
2 Dry cornbread :( it had real corn it in, which I love, but I wish it was a bit more moist.  I love sweet potatoes, but the sweet potato salad was interesting and I didn't really find it tasty.  The seafood gumbo was good though.
3 Big portions for the price but food is average.  No spices or much Cajun flavor.  Had crab cakes-average.  Chips-bland, and corn bread dry.
1 Had the shrimp po' boy. Bread was stale and flavor was lacking. Figured it must be a fluke so I returned the next day and ordered the gumbo. Same story. Cornbread was stale, flavor was lacking. Didn't care much for the creole mustard potato salad. I was overall very disappointed. For the inflated prices they are trying to charge, give me a break. Skip this place. I feel like I could cook better Cajun than this at home and I'm not even from New Orleans.
1 Nasty!!!! Dont go here!!! Order Cajun Meatloaf which came with cornbread. Inside the cornbread was a big piece of broken egg shell. I asked Clinton the owner to refund me on something for my troubles. He stated "I can give you another cornbread". Why would I want another piece of egg shells. Horrible service. My alligator was over fried and chewy. I will not be coming back to this place.
1 The only thing that is worth getting here to me is the fried red snapper. Everything else tastes bland. You'd think the owner would read some of these reviews and fix his recipes but nope... after 10 years and still no flavor. He must be trying to please the old people in the area or something. He has to know in his heart the food isn't good compared to other spots. Also one more thing... put more meat on your Po' Boys! You guys are way too stingy when it comes to the Po' Boys... can't even see the meat on them in any of the pics on yelp.
1 No idea how authentic this is, but it was delicious. I tried a jambalaya and cornbread and it was yummy! Recommended.
3 This place is my favorite for the jambalaya it is really good and tasty it's very filling. One of the workers was kind of rude he didn't want to give me some water and said you have to buy it all rude. But other then that I just go for the jambalaya.
5 They forgot to serve me cornbread with my large order of seafood gumbo. The seafood gumbo had tiny servings of shrimp, and no other type of seafood, so they should just call it a shrimp gumbo. I did not taste the crab meat it claimed to have. It was also very watered down and flavorless.
2 Read the name: The Gumbo Pot. Stick to the Gumbo and you may enjoy this spot. I've ventured off and tried etoufee, red beans, hush puppies, jambalaya and other "Cajun fare", and haven't been impressed.  (Disclaimer: I was born in New Orleans, and have eaten at many of the best Cajun spots in Louisiana.) Because I lived in Louisiana over 20 years, I always get asked, "Is this place authentic?" I'd say yes, on the Gumbo with the caveat that everything is blander and more suited to a West Coast palette. I'd give the Gumbo 3 stars and probably wouldn't re-order anything outside of Gumbo Ya-Ya.
3.5 After hearing great things about this place, I honestly expected more.  I ordered a large bowl of Gumbo which came with cornbread and sweet potato chips.  The chips were not flavorful, the Gumbo lacked seasoning and the cornbread was not corny at all.  Major disappointment :(.  There are some great places at the Farmers Market. if you've actually had decent cajun food or have eaten in New Orleans, perhaps you would enjoy one of the other booths.
4 I'd like to give this place 4 stars, I really would and once upon a time with the old owners I would have. It's not that it's not good anymore, sometimes it's great but it's lost it's consistency. The Jambalaya  is pretty good, it's got a distinct flavor but I really like the Po'Boys. The oyster version is usually good when they have it, although sometimes I just end up going for the fried oysters. The corn bread is good, still very similar to the way it was before. This is one of many good choices located in Farmer's Market. If you come on the right day, it can be spectacular and on any other given day, you'll still have a pretty good meal.Food - A-Ambience - BService - B-Value - B
4 Ohhh yes yes yes! Lol ... I love the food here. The best is the "Alligator Tail"  Sometimes they run out though. So when you can get it, grab it! Its the best in L.A. I definitely have recommended this place to lots of my friends. I will continue to come and eat here. Service for the most part is good and fast ...
3 I really want to know how this place is still in business !!! ordered the gumbo , blackened salmon , red beans and rice and greens! All to go . Why did we do that . When we got home the gumbo was nothing but rice and Pot Lick ! No meat , nothing but Juice ! Campbell 's gumbo soup taste better than this !  The red beans and rice had no flavor! Greens had no flavor ! Taste like hospital food! Please do not waste your money ! The salmon was I guess just what it was blacken !  If you have No taste buds then this is the place for you !
4 Quality Cajun food. Good Po-Boys, delish sweet-potatoe salad.can't really complain about any of it.  Takes a while to get served, but you'll be glad you waited.This used to be my "Goto" place at the farmer's market befor i discovered Loteria.
4.5 I decided to go for what I really wanted, and ordered the fried oyster plate with a side salad and lemonade.  In Southern California, it's really hard to find a fried oyster that isn't over-battered.  These were done in a light cornmeal crust that contrasted with the rich oyster flavor perfectly. I liked the toasted pecan salad dressing, too.  It was a little something different.  The people I met there--whom I'd never met face to face before (Internet acquaintances) had jambalaya and catfish and everyone was pleased with what they ordered.I like the hustle bustle of the Farmer's Market food court at lunch time.
3.5 This weekend I went to the Grove with a group of 9 friends.  It was their first time at the Farmers Market but I try to stop by here whenever I'm even remotely close to the Westside (read: in the State of California).  Yes, this farmers market is not the cheapest, yes its busy, yes the parking sucks and yes the traffic sucks getting here but it has Gumbo Pot, which has decent Jambalaya for a decent price!  (Farmers Market also has one of my favorite crepe places in LA: The French Crepe co.). So, back to my friends.  I showed them around and let the stroll through the many corridors letting their senses make the decision.  And you're probably thinking that all of them chose to come to the Gumbo Pot right?  That's why I'm writing this review giving Gumbo Pot a whole 4 stars (4.5 if I could): "Yay! I'm a fan" rating right?  Before I told them where I would go, I let them choose and one by one went to the brazilian bbq joint with the longest line!!!  "What the heck?!" I thought to myself.  Stop being sheep-ple!  When I disclosed that I was going to Gumbo Pot, I think they were already all too sucked in by the hype and craze surrounding the Brazilian BBQ joint.  But, I remained loyal to my cajun craving and went to the Gumbo Pot and was not disappointed by my Jambalaya.  As we sat together and shared food (well, I sampled theirs because I was already done with mine), I was glad with the choice that I had made.  Maybe you should't listen to me.  I mean if this were a scientific study, you could only say that 1 out of 9 people chose Gumbo Pot over Brazillian BBQ.  Those kind of stats suck!  But then again, maybe they didn't know what they missed out on.  Well, all I can say is that I like their Jambalaya and I think you will too if you give it a shot.  (BTW, they'll give you a sample if you ask for one).
4 Went on a recommendation and wasn't disappointed. Conveniently located in the Farmer's Market of the Grove, the Gumbo Pot has big portions at low prices. The Jambalaya was moderately seasoned, but tasty, and the accompanying 5-bean salad was outstanding. Those plates were too much to finish, but for $7 or $8, a great treat.
4.5 It was a beautiful day at the grove! It was my first time eating in the food court area at the grove's farmers market. After walking around in circles trying to make a decision my friend and I decided on the Gumbo Pot. I will say the food did not live up to the hype, however it was a good hearty meal and hit the spot. It's definitely pricey for the "hole in the wall" type of establishment.. $15 for an entree and a drink. I ordered the fried catfish with a side of Jambalaya. The fried catfish was pretty good and the greens were great. I was NOT impressed by the cornbread. It had no taste and had obscure green particles in it..... The Jambalaya was nice and spicy how I like it, but was a bit watery for my taste and only had 2 pieces of meat in my serving. I enjoyed my meal but I've definitely had better.
4 Pretty sub-par if you ask me...I ordered the shrimp po boy with a side of the seafood gumbo.  The shrimp was definitely not fresh, probably frozen, it was coated in corn meal and fried, then stuffed in a stale roll with tomatoes, lettuces, thin slices of lemon (lemon was a nice touch), and mayo.  Furthermore, there wasn't enough shrimp to cover the entire roll, so the ends were empty.  Pretty sad po boy considering that this restaurant is situated in a "Farmer's Market", their food should be the freshest of the fresh.  The gumbo was also mediocre, the shirmp was small and overcooked (again probably frozen), and it came to me burning hot in a styrofoam cup.Not so much...
4 I'm a Farmers Market regular, I admit it. I live close by and work at home, so this is my go-to, get-out-of-the-house spot. And usually I'm drawn to The Gumbo Pot. My favorite thing to do is go early when the market is barely opening and get my coffee. The Gumbo Pot makes chicory coffee like they do in New Orleans and I'm a fan. And the beignets are to die for. Most people's first beignet experience is at Cafe Du Monde in the French Quarter and that's as it should be. But if you can't get to Louisiana and haven't tried them before, this is a great second choice as far as "first experiences" go. The Gumbo Pot folks make the beignets just right; imposters move aside. They are HEAPED with powdered sugar, though, so beware. My technique is to tap them gently against the little paper boat they come in to shake some of the excess off. One order is plenty for two people. Usually four come, but sometimes they put six in there, I have no idea why. The gumbo rocks and I hope to try to etouffee soon. But back to the gumbo: You'd have to go to The Gumbo Pot in New Orleans to get a more authentic dish. The one downside is I must have my gumbo with Pickapeppa Sauce. Bring your own if you're with me on that or want to try gumbo as it is meant to be eaten, or so I say. Or wander next door to Cost Plus. They sell it there. Pickapeppa. Hmmmm. Just writing it gives me a hankering for some of that Jamaican goodness. I've heard it's great swirled into cream cheese or in Bloody Marys, too. The Gumbo Pot also sells dishes such as Frogs Legs, Crab Benedict, Catfish, Drunken Shrimp, Crab Cakes and Alligator Tail Fillet, just so you know. And of course Jambalaya and Red Beans & Rice.
4.5 I got the Jambalaya today and it was alright. It came with a cornbread muffin and side of potatoes which were doused in mustard.Their Jambalaya is more soupy than I'm used to, but it was alright. I would go back with a friend If I wanted something a bit spicy and was at the farmer's market.
4.2 Seafood Gumbo was just ok I thought. Though no wait. Though a large isn't that large as I'm a light eater and was able to finish it. I think the gumbo may need a little more spice to it. Also jalapeño corn bread just nasty, didn't finish it. Just like regular cornbread.
4.2 Got an awesome bowl of the Gumbo Ya-Ya here.  Spicy, but not overwhelming.  Full of rich, seafood flavor.  Comes with a side salad and cornbread.  The cornbread wasn't super tasty, so it requires some dunking in the gumbo.Less than ten bucks for a great dinner!  It's nestled away in the farmer's market at the Grove, close to EB's.  Lots of seating nearby.
3 New Orlean Cajun style cuisine with Mardi gras themeThis place was alright.  I was at the Grove and decided to give this Louisiana Cajun food stand a try.  I purchased the Crawfish pie which comes in 3 for roughly $6.  I thought the pie was alright.  It resembled the hot pocket on the outside and on the inside it is filled with tiny bits of crawfish gumbo like consistency. It was somewhat hard to get because of the fishy and seafood-y smell (if that makes any sense).  There's wasn't nearly enough pieces of crawfish to be called a crawfish pie!  It tasted a bit plain so I had to pile on a bunch of hot sauce to make it tasty.  They also sell French Beignet. I didn't get to try it but it looked quite good when the guy in front of me ordered it.
5 Jambalaya - It was hot, hearty, and very filling.  There wasn't much heat though, which was disappointing.  I think the Andouille sausage gave me some heat, but the dish overall was a little lacking.  I was VERY full after though, so the portion is good for the price.Cornbread - It was a little cold, especially next to the jambalaya, but it was tasty.  I wish it was warmed, but I just stuck it into and ate it with the jambalaya, so it was fine.Green Salad with Toasted Pecan Dressing - I was pleasantly surprised by how well the salad was presented, to be honest.  It was already tossed with the dressing (a liiiiittle less would have been good) and chopped pecans were sprinkled on top.  It was nice to start with something simple and green before digging into the heartier jambalaya.Beignets - My friend ordered some.  You get 4 for $3.75 (chocolate ones cost more).  I'm not sure what real beignets are supposed to taste like because I've only had Downtown Disney ones, but these aren't as sweet as those.  They're more...bready.  I liked that it wasn't as sweet, because they're covered in powdered sugar, but it threw me off at first.Overall, pretty good.  I might go back and try something else if I stopped by the Farmers Market again.  Service wasn't bad, but I just interacted with the cashier.  They call your number when your food is ready.Oh, they do NOT validate for The Grove parking, but they validate for the market.
4 Food was decent, although my catfish was blackened to the point of being burnt entirely on one side...but otherwise no taste complaints. The big problem is that my two friends and I all got sick after eating here on Fat Tuesday. (We weren't drinking so it definitely was not drinking related). I'm still nauseous and showing food poisoning symptoms two days later, not sure what happened...I had catfish with collared greens, cornbread, and beignets.
2 WORST GUMBO EVER! the gumbo is not even gumbo its really a jambalaya wit no meat and way to much rice. I wouldn't recommend this place to my worst enemy! Please don't waste your time or your money
4 Sad to say but the Gumbo Pot lives up to its poor star rating. The food at this place lacks flavor and misses the mark on what Louisiana cuisine should be. Do not be fooled by the pictures because the taste is completely off. The gumbo and jambalaya I ordered were horrible! I could've gotten more taste from can soup than from the gumbo I purchased. The only thing that had flavor was their iced tea which tasted like tap water.  Save your money on the other eateries, because the Gumbo Pot is more interested in taking your money than making delicious Southern food.
2 I did not care for the food, PoBoy Oyster and shrimp...not enough shrimp for the price! The customer service wasn't great also! As an out of towner, bad! Too much bread and it was awful! Waste of time!
2 Delicious! This place does serve up some great Cajun Flavors with attitude.  The Gumbo, Ya-Ya, and the Jambalaya are all wonderful. We even tried the Fried appetizer platter: Catfish, Oysters, and Shrimp. All good. What's nice is you can try dishes from all over The Farmer's Market and make it a meal, but still it's so hard not to order everything from here.  And with sooo much to choose from, it always keeps people coming back for more.the 3 stars is because: Great food, so-so to fair service, and no real ambience. And no alcohol service, though alcohol can be bought from one of the other vendors.
2 seriously- i was on sensory overload when i came to the farmer's market today for the first time- every way i turned food hit me for all sides. I couldn't make a decision. I closed my eyes, spun around and Walaa.....The Gumbo Pot. Ok I said- let's get a little snacky to get this foodie adventure on a roll. Shrimp Po Boy- pretty good- however it was my first one SO... am I the best person to be wiring this review- probably not- but I liked it and I'd get it again so there. Enjoyed the Sweet Potato Chips too..... I'd go back- but not before I tried every other restaurant in walking distance of the gumbo pot...check back next year!
4 Blackened catfishCollard greensDrunken shrimpI absolutely LOVE these dishes from this restaurant.  The portions are large and sharable and go especially well with a beer from the nearby bar.I have not tried the gumbo yet since it has been so hot this year, but once it cools down I'll be back here in a flash!!
3 All the way in the back.Solid. More stars after I try more things.Fried alligator was chewy, but I like. Cornbread was stale and cold. Veggie collard greens were almost as good as regular ones (extra charge). Beignets come as four. They hit the spot. There is a hint of cinnamon. I will need to compare them to Bob's Donuts.There are many new menu items plastered everywhere. I was a little overwhelmed.The gumbo looked very good on a black family reunion's table.
3.5 The crawfish cakes were amazingly good! It was the perfect amount of spice; wish there were a few more pieces of crawfish, but it was still worth it. Also had the seafood gumbo and mustard potato salad. Can't say I liked those at all. I took one bite of the potato salad and wanted to throw it in the trash, it's so innocent looking but is pretty disgusting tasting. The gumbo was okay, but they said there was shrimp and crab in the pot but I only saw shrimp and sausage. It was spicy but otherwise pretty bland, I was expecting more complexity in the flavours.Service: well, I know, it is a booth at the farmers market, I shouldn't expect 5 star service; but the lady taking the order was rude and the wait took forever! I'm pretty sure they forgot to fry the crawfish cakes until 10 minutes after I ordered, commence more waiting. The girls packing the order worked as slow as they could while gossiping to each other and then didn't give me any cornbread. If I was in the area again, I would make the effort to come back for the crawfish cakes ($5.50 for 2 large samosa-looking cakes), but nothing else.
4 Had the Jambalaya with Sweet Potato Salad and the Blackened Catfish with Garden Salad.  Each came with a cornbread muffin.The Jambalaya was a bit different from what were are used to.  Instead of putting the goods on top of a bed of rice, everything (including the rice) is mixed altogether.  It made the rice too soft and soggy.  It was also too saucy - the dish was overpowered by tomato sauce flavor.  The Sweet Potato Salad is composed of shredded sweet potato.  It tasted more like carrots.  The Blackened Catfish was pretty good - moist and well-seasoned.  The Garden Salad had an odd, flavorless dressing that seemed to be mayo-based.We disagree on the cornbread muffin.  One of us liked it, the other didn't.
4 After trying the gumbo, jambalaya, and salads in addition to their po'boys I have to say that this place is legit. The Ya Ya Gumbo is especially solid. Really hits the spot regardless of if you got a hangover or if you're just in the mood. I had the blackened chicken salad earlier this week and it was bomb. Fresh green apple slices were a nice compliment to the spice of the chicken. And really fresh greens.
3 This is a review of their Shrimp Po' Boy, the only thing I've had from here. The flavor and freshness of everything was great except that they put lemon slices on the sandwich, kinda weird. Also, $10 for a Po' Boy seems antithetical to the name a bit, right? Anyways, overall pretty good just a bit pricey.
4 Coming from Louisiana's neighbor (Houstonian here), I didn't expect to be impressed by The Gumbo Pot at The Grove. I knew it wouldn't stack up to the food I've had in New Orleans or even any of the Cajun restaurants in Houston for that matter. I guess I got about what I thought I would. I've had the jambalaya which reminded me of the box jambalaya you get at stores to make yourself at home. The Gumbo ya ya was slightly better. But still pretty much mediocre. I didn't get to try a poboy which others say is pretty good. I think i will go back to try a shrimp poboy, give them the benefit of the doubt.Along with only mediocre food, the service wasn't impressive. The lady that took my order seemed to be annoyed that I was there. The lady that gave me my order was a bit nicer. Not much of an impression left here.
4.5 I always like gumbo so i was happy, but not blown away happy. Seafood gumbo because of three shrimp? And why top it off with so much bland rice? I didn't feel like eating, just wanted some soup, so the rice absorbing all that liquid made me annoyed. The cornbread was blah, and the collared greens weren't that great either. But farmers market is always nice even though that monstrous shopping complex is breathing down its neck.Gotta mention the signage here is BEAUTIFUL. Great lettering and graphics. People who try to be artsy on their blackboard menus need to come here and study.
3.5 After trolling around at the grove a while, we wandered into the farmer's market area to find something to eat.  I stopped here once I read "Shrimp po'boy".  I'm a sucker for shrimp.I ordered the sandwich and decided to try their jalapeno/cheddar cornbread also.  I didn't have to wait too long for my food, which was nice because I was so hungry.  When they called my number, I was surprised that the po'boy was so massive.  Once I sat down, I took a closer look and realized that it was more bread than anything.  I probably could have fit all of the shrimp (which were crispy and tasty!) and toppings onto one half of the sandwich...but I didn't eat the bread that was shrimp-less anyways.  The bread was actually really good...I don't think it was toasted, but it seemed fresh and was soft.  The cornbread was another story.  It looked all moist and tasty...but looks are deceiving.  This cornbread was dry and crumbly.  My sister tasted it after she had finished her food and she said "...I don't want that to be the last taste in my mouth..."Overall, my meal was fairly satisfying but if I do decide to eat here again, I'll skip the cornbread.
4 Stopped by the bar in the farmers market and they bartender said we can bring food and eat it at the bar.......so off we went!  We had the jambalaya with the sweet potato salad.  The jambalaya was decent but not a fan of the sweet potato salad at all.  It was just shredded, uncooked sweet potato with apples and some raisins, i think...no flavor at all.
4.5 Eat It OR Beat It?**BEAT IT!!**It's located inside farmer's market at the grove... had the Po' Boy and I felt like they forgot to put some sort of spread. It was like I was eating bread with fried shrimp. OK, can't judge everything off one item right? Well, I tried the gumbo, and it seemed as though everything was overcooked, mushy... everything, mushy. BEAT IT!
4 Good but not great.Little Caribbean restaurant in the Farmer's Market,I had the Sweet Potato Salad and a Peach Cobbler.Food was good but not exceptionnal.
4 The place is good. Yummy. I had the shrimp and oyster po boy. Not enough protein. The bread overpowered it. But had a sample of their jambalaya that was yummy. Will definitely come back for the jambalaya. But the po boy needs improving.
4.5 I love Jambalaya and thought I would check this place out after it was featured on the Food Network. I dragged my gf to the grove so we could have some Jamba and Gumbo. It was definitely not what I had expected. The Jamba was watered down in the grease oils and not spicy enough for me. The Gumbo was "ehhh". I most definitely had better of both. I'd rather eat it at Disneyland.However the employees were really friendly. But the food was still disappointing. But at least I gave it a try.
3.9 My first 5 star review so far, and the one that is easiest for me to write. I've been coming here since I moved to OC and discovered the Fairfax Farmer's Market 7 years ago. I love the atmosphere of the market, and the only thing that is sad for me is that i am a 40 minute drive away, but I come up once a month just to eat at the Gumbo Pot...A lot of people have covered the food there. The sweet-potato chips, gumbo, po-boys... they are all good, but the true gem of this place is the Mufaletta sandwich. The half will serve 2 people if you get gumbo to go with it, and the Full is monstrous and is a 2-3 person (or very hungry 2) effort. The bread is a slab of sesame crusted goodness, with a nice soft crust and soft, moist interior. The buttery bread taste is complimented with ham, salami, coppacolla, and melted provolone cheese. The oils from the cheese and meats run their way down into the bread, saturating it with rich goodness. The olive tapenade that is liberally smeared between the top layer of bread and the cheese is made of at least 3 olive types, and has an incredible briny tang that compliments the meats and cheeses. Make sure you get the mint ice tea to compliment it, and to help with the sweet tato chips. My two cents worth...
4.2 I love walking through the Farmer's Market at the Grove, weighing all my options and slobbering over funnel cakes. But when I saw the Gumbo Pot, I knew that they would be my culinary cohort inthe quest for yummy!Now, I don't have a lot of experience with cajun food but I know what I do like and that's the Pot's gumbo yaya. The andouille and chicken were cooked to perfection and the serving size was perfect for a Sunday lunch. The cornbread was the best part and I traded away my potato salad to my boyfriend for his piece because I liked it so much (not a negative criticism of the potato salad). Coupled with a pitcher of Guiness from the bar across the plaza and I was in hog heaven... which is just what I felt like when I was finished staring into a not yet emptied bowl. Next time I'm definitely going to have the alligator fillet and collard greens!Approx $20 for two people
3 Just got back from Louisiana a couple weeks ago, and have been craving some southern food.  Tried the chocolate beignets and gumbo.  The beignets were large, chocolate on the inside and drizzled on the outside, thats pretty new, I don't remember being able to have that at Cafe du Monde.  It was definitely nice and fresh - a little more chewier than CdM.  The gumbo was generous serving.There are also po' boys - shrimp or oyster.  They had oysters for 0.99, jambalaya and fried fish, corn bread.I would probably just come back to share some beignets with someone.
4 The Gumbo Ya Ya has the right amount of spice to it but if your the type who doesn't like too much spiciness the Seafood Gumbo will do the trick. I highly recommend this place to all my friends who visit from the south.
3 Yes, yes, we should definitely meet at 3rd and Fairfax. It's one of the best places to start an L.A. day... The Gumbo Pot's beignets and chicory cafe au lait are very nice. If you're looking for more than a snack, we can also try the alligator 'cause I haven't had that yet (and who doesn't want to at least try alligator?)!  Afterwards we can look for all things original in the original farmer's market... I can't wait.
3 I eat at the Farmer's Market a lot. Usually pressured by other people's whims I end up with Brazilian. But, I was on my own, and decided to try a different culinary avenue....bad decision...The Gumbo Pot offers large portions of crap food at prices that just don't seem justified when you're forced to get a second, more edible meal afterwards.I ordered a bowl of Seafood Gumbo and an order of Hush Puppies (two of my favorite things). The gumbo came with a side - I selected the sweet potato salad. Corn bread was included as well.The gumbo had no flavor. Even the seafood itself was decidedly...blah. No spices to speak of...I doubt this even had a pinch of salt or pepper! The rice in it was rubbery. After three bites, I felt like I was flashing forward to the nursing home with this flavorless, texture-free goop. I stopped eating it.The Hush Puppies were like golden-yellow, rocks. They hurt to eat. I had to drink more than half my iced tea after the first bite because they'd sucked all the moisture out of my mouth. Again...zero seasonings. I was heartbroken.The sweet potato salad had potential. But, ultimately, like everything else here, it lacked seasoning. It just had the benefit of naturally flavorful ingredients like sweet potatoes, apples, nuts, and raisins. Basically, because they didn't cook this...they had less opportunity to screw it up.The corn bread didn't totally suck. That's the best I could say...The unsweetened iced tea was good too!I left my tray with a full bowl of gumbo, most of the corn bread, all of the hush puppies (less one bite), and more than half of the salad. $14 spent and I was off to buy a second lunch.Don't do this to yourself...
1 I'm from the South and have lots of family in NOLA, so yea, I've had great gumbo and the like before, and no, this doesn't really compare.That said, I love the gumbo pot....the gumbo is decent, and for anyone that has never experienced this kind of food, it is a decent introduction.I've read some reviews hatin' on the cornbread which I don't understand...its cheap, its delicious, sometimes you might have to ask for it to be heated up...but I get some even when I'm not hungry every time I'm near the Farmer's Market.What I haven't heard anyone talk about is the Pecan Pie...O.O It is amazing. I've only had it once, and I'm excited to go back to verify that it is the best ever...but I grew eating lots of homemade Pecan Pies back in South Carolina, and it almost to hurts me to say it....but the Gumbo Pot has the best Pecan Pie I've ever had. Give it a shot.
4 Having never eaten a Po'Boy before, I decided to try an Oyster Po'Boy at The Gumbo Pot upon my first visit to the Farmer's Market.Not bad. The bread was excellent, soft, French bread, the fried oysters were pretty good, and the tartar sauce was not overwhelming. There were also very fresh tomato slices, shredded lettuce, and lemon on the sandwich. A little pricey imo at $9, but I could see myself getting one again.The cornbread muffin was a little spicy with some diced jalepeno chunks, but too dry for my taste. Might have been awesome if it was moist!
2 First time here today. Only after I ordered the crab cake meal was I informed that they were out. So I ordered (for the first time) a soft shell crab. Not exactly what I expected. 2 crabs were provided, but they were so small; very limited meat! I actually had a native New Orleanian friend with me and she pointed out that they didn't clean "no man's land".  It would be nice if photos of all plates were available so customers could see what they were getting. Would I go back? Probably not...but only because I'm not a big fan of Cajun food.
4 One of us was on a low salt  diet, so you would think that this would be the last place that would give us such an offering.  What a pleasant surprise!We had their cornmeal rolled snapper w/ cornmeal bread and chose collared greens as a side.  The snapper was not salty at all, and if you wanted, you could dip it into a salty/spicy salt.  The collared greens was smooth and slightly salty, and the cornmeal bread was delightful and satisfying - not too large, not too small with a hint of sweetness (not sickingly sweet like at Marie Calendars or Mimi's Cafe).  The food was fresh and the long lines were indicative of good food turnover.  Do highly recommend.
5 Alligator fillet is a must have, Gumbo delicious and Mixed platter- Phenomenal! Collard Greens, hush puppies and beignets!  Everything here including the mint iced tea and music took me back to Nawlins!!
4 I come here for beignets.  Located at the farmer's market next to The Grove, this place is a little hard to find.  But once you do, you will recognize it by the New Orleans decor.They have a huge variety of food including muffalettas.  They even have their own creations that they cook up themselves.  I always try my favorites when visiting any southern food establishments: Gumbo, jambalaya, red beans and rice, po-boys and beignets.  There are several flavors of gumbo and they are all okay.  I might be partial but I do not like it when my gumbo is too watery.  I like mine hearty and full of ingredients with a lot of flavor.  Jambalaya and po-boy was okay, not that special.  The po-boy could use a bit more shrimp (bought the shrimp).  Red beans and rice was good.  Beignets were good but always ask for more powder sugar!  They ALWAYS skimp on the powder sugar.A nice place to eat for some southern food.  I would lean away from the typical Louisiana food and try some of their creations.
4.2 I have been coming to the Gumbo Pot for years and my family are regular attendees at the farmers market on Friday nights for live music. I've always been a big fan of the restaurant's food however the customer service has been less than good in recent years and getting worse. Friday my toddler didn't touch her bean salad and when I asked for a to go container the kitchen worker gave me a small brown paper bag. The salad has a lot of liquid and needs a foam container! When I tried to explain it to him he scoffed, shook his head and walked away. With so many choices at the Farmers Market why would I return to a place that is disrespectful to its customers? The answer is... I won't.
3.7 How could you fuck up a beignet?!!!!!!! I literally don't get it! These were the most disgusting, heavy, and burnt beignets I have ever tasted. I'm convinced they used a donut recipe instead of the actual beignet recipe. Beignets are supposed to be light and melt in your mouth, but these were dry, hard and heavy. I will not go back!
4 Great location in the coolest farmers market ever. Lived in Biloxi and love cajun food, so had to try especially since seeing zagat plaque as well. Ordered mixed platter but substituted catfish for more oysters, got collards greens as a side. Delicious!  Greens had tons of flavor. Shrimp a bit small and oysters were yum! Cocktail sauce was uniquely good. Im not big on corbread but this one had special flavors that made me eat it all up! Ordered beignets as well. Almost like cafe du monds...  Would definitely recommend.
3 Ordered the blackened salmon po' boy. They blackened it to the point of being burnt. Can't speak for the rest of the menu, if they don't know the basics of cooking fish, then I wouldn't try anything else.
4 I found Gumbo Pot by chance at the Farmer's Market and I'm glad I did.  We weren't sure what we were in the mood for and pretty much picked a place at random.  This place is as good and authentic as any place on Bourbon street.  Don't go there if you're watching your diet...almost everything is fried.  The service was a little slow, but I think that's only because the guy in front of us ordered six trays worth of food.
4.5 I must preface this review with noting that I am creole, and have experienced my share of cajun dishes. I was super excited to see this place when I was cruising the farmers market for the second time. The atmosphere is nice, the staff was friendly, and I was definitely in the mood for some good ole hometown cookin. Our order (2 people) was made up of 6 oysters on the half shell, the gumbo yaya with red beans and rice, the cornmeal fried catfish, a root beer and a strawberry lemonade. This put us right around $30. I wasn't too surprised by the price, but more amused by the fact that most cajun dishes were created  out of severe poverty and hence most of the ingredients are rather cheap. In other words I could have made this meal myself for about 10 bucks. However that seems to be the norm for most southern specialty restaurants in LA. The catfish was delicious, not over cooked or dry like some places can make it. I also enjoyed the oysters (not too hard to mess up), the cornbread, and the lemonade was spot on. So you might be asking yourself why the low review? The "Gumbo" at the "Gumbo Pot" was soo disappointing it took my review from what could have been 4 stars down to 2. There was absolutely no flavor whatsoever to the gumbo, rather it was overrun by the taste of tomato. Whats also funny is that the "seafood gumbo" is supposed to be a mild version of the "gumbo yaya". Wow, I'm happy I didn't go with that.  In the whole bowl of gumbo I noticed about 3-4 bay shrimp and a couple small pieces of chicken.  I couldn't even pick out any sausage. I was pretty hurt to know that my people were back there serving up this slop at $8 a bowl and calling it gumbo. You guys should be ashamed of yourselves....
3.5 Ahhhhh, the historic LA Farmer's Market! A mecca of cuisines that range from doughnuts to Malaysian food. Included in this range is a place called the Gumbo Pot where they supposedly serve authentic Creole food. I really was in the mood for a bowl of gumbo and I figured that the best place to get it obviously was the Gumbo Pot. Not at all! I wish I can say that the food was amazing and spicy but I couldn't get the ogre behind the counter to go out of his way to give me a moment of his precious time. I can understand that during busy peak times of the day one may miss a single person amongst a crowd of hungry gumbo patrons, but I was the only person standing in front of the wide display of hot cauldrons of spicy goodness at 10:45am. Not a single soul was within 10 feet of me! There could be no confusing my intentions of shelling out $10 for a bowl of gumbo. You may be thinking that I was some impatient customer that commands full attention from the lowly servers behind the counter, but you would be exactly wrong with your assumption. I am a very patient person and I recognized that he was busy completing an order that was previously made before I got there. As he was doing this, I took the time to read the ingredients of the food and the menu thoroughly so that when he was done I would be ready to place my order. 5 minutes later (I checked my watch!) he was finally done. My first thought was of excitement because now it was my turn! My excitement dissipated as I watched him walk directly BY me with his eyes focused directly AT me. With a single inaudible grunt (literally) from him, he attended to slicing is far more important tomatoes that were stage left. I expressed t him that I wanted to get a small bowl of the "Gumbo Ya Ya" but his response (or lack of) was the final straw that broke the alligator's back. I told him to "forget it!" and I walked away empty-handed and severely disappointed. Oh well, I saved my $10 and walked over to another restaurant across the thoroughfare to another restaurant that WANTED my money. My suggestion: if you are not a local of the farmer's market that frequents the Gumbo Pot on a daily basis, forget about getting the attention you expect to get on a MINIMAL level. Try Bob's Oyster Bar! The Clam Chowder in a bread bowl is fantastic!~Ray B
4 A few weeks ago, my friend and I paid a visit to the Farmers Market at The Grove.  We decided to have lunch at one of the many eateries there.  Since we had been talking on and off for a while now about how long overdue we were for a trip to NOLA and how much we missed The Gumbo Shop in the French Quarter, The Gumbo Pot called to us.Located in a back corner of the Market, The Gumbo Pot boasts a menu featuring Creole and Cajun specialties like gumbo, jambalaya and red beans & rice.  There's blackened catfish, po'boys, muffelatas and even alligator!I opted to get a muffelata and a side of the cornbread.  The Gumbo Shop's version of this sandwich consists of a thick sesame crusted bread, ham, salami, some other meat I forget the name of, provolone and an olive tapenade.  The bread was a little dry and the olive tapenade was quite strong and a little salty.  The bread to filling ratio was leaning towards a little too much bread.  While the flavors were good, it wasn't quite up to what I had when I was in the French Quarter.  The cornbread was good though - moist and speckled with bits of pepper for a little bit of kick though for my tolerance, there wasn't much heat.  Friend went with a blackened catfish sandwich.  It was massive.  She decided to take the filling from one half and double up the other half so she wouldn't fill up too much on the bread.  I didn't get a taste but she seemed to like it. Looking around at other customers, I could hear chatter about how good the gumbo and jambalaya were.  Those, along with alligator, will have to be ordered on my next visit...The Gumbo Shop also serves up beignets and cafe au lait.  We couldn't resist and got an order of those yummy fried dough bits.  The beignets here were a little denser and oiler than what we got at Cafe du Monde but our memories could be a little biased since we were, um, intoxicated when we were there.  We noticed that the chicory coffee was courtesy of cans from Cafe du Monde, though!  Maybe the beignet mix was from there as well...Over all, I wasn't blown away by my meal.  Guess the muffaleta isn't their specialty.... But there were many other things on the menu that I would come back for sure to try them.  I've never had alligator and my curiosity is piqued...The Gumbo Pot gets 3 NOMs for the Catty Critic's first visit.
4.5 I got in line, really excited to try this place.  There were 3 people in front of my ordering.  From the time I got in line, waited the 3 people, and got my food, I would say a good half hour passed.  BAD, slow service.  When I said something to the owner, who was working the register, he said the blackened catfish I ordered took a bit longer, which is fine except you can see the cooking going on and after I ordered, the gal didn't put the catfish in the pan for 10 minutes.  My friends, who went to another stand (with a line about 3 people deep) had already finished eating by the time I sat down with my food.So then I got my food, and I can't say it was great.  The tastes were flat to me.  I really wished it tasted great to make up for the time I spent waiting in line and then for my food.  The side of sweet potato chips were only ok as well.  Not much flavor.  Overall, for the 11 dollars I paid, I got a small piece of tough fish and some so so tasting chips that took a long time to get.  I don't plan on eating here again.
4 The food at The Gumbo Pot is as awesome as ever. My family has been eating here for as long as I can remember. I will always remember the first time I ever set fire to my mouth with the gumbo, jambalaya and blackened fish. Po'Boys are my favorite thing on the menu, my favorite being the mixed, blackened catfish, or oyster. The green salads are crisp and refreshing. Creole potatoes and sweet potato chips are always delicious as well. In terms of the blackened fish the salmon is always fantastic. I love snapper as well as the catfish. My favorite side is the salad because it pairs exceedingly well with the spicy fish. There is also a "wimpy" option on the spices which tones it down. My dad always orders a jambalaya or gumbo and while it always varies on spiciness and tastiness it's still pretty solid. Latest adventure was the Red Beans and Rice which was like a party in a bowl. It was fabulous. This is by far my favorite place to eat at the whole Farmers Market.
4 This is the OG Vas Customer Service review,where the rating is based purely on service witnessed.An old, fragile lady was askin' the dude behind the counterwhen her food was coming, and she had been waiting for a good lil while.This rude-ass punk gumbo ladlerdisrespected her and treated her like $#hit.she sat back down,  waiting.after she finished, she brought her tray up to the counter,because you would think they would appreciate that.instead, the same uncouth, impertinent lil foolbarked at her to leave it on the table.with all the food in this neighborhood,i don't see why you'd wanna eat here,unless you like an unhealthy dose of unmannerly behaviorwith your gumbo.Just what I witnessed sitting here in the courtyard,I know I wouldn't support these clowns.
4.5 The food was pretty good. I've honestly have had much better on the east coast. I did love the Farmer's Market. The cornbread was really good.
4.2 Just didn't meet my expectations. ... I tried the aligator tails,  and my side order was wrong.  Aligator was not so much on the fresh side,  and the service could be better.
4.2 If it wasn't for the Americana-esque Mall this place would be a disaster. The food is mediocre but with several options available at this location, be wary of "unknown" food options that sound interesting.The food they give for one person can feed 2-3 people which is great if you want to take home left-overs, however, the food itself is rather disappointing. The seafood easily tastes farm-raised, which isn't much too surprising, but one would hope that with all the spices, cooking equipment and palate of the one cooking could overpower the reality of what you're really eating into something more interesting.I must say that I can only imagine this place tasting exquisite when not sober.
4 Gumbo YaYa with Collard Greens and CornbreadAfter seeing yelp reviews about this place I just had to try it! It wasn't as good as I expected but definitely not bad.The Gumbo YaYa came with rice, chicken, andouille sausage and little shrimp, overall the flavor was there but it was just more of a spice taste and not a complex of a flavor explosion as what I wanted. I've had better. The gumbo was very soupy and broth like rather than stew like btw.For the price I would say it's a good value as there is a large serving of collard greens and cornbread included. The greens were pretty tasty and didn't have any dry consistency. They had the similar spice taste as the gumbo.I really like the cornbread as it complemented the gumbo pretty well. If I were to come back I think I'll come try the Jambalaya
1 Omg is this so yummy! Gumbo and a po'boy and a few of the sides and I am cooked turn me over! I can not decide which is better but the sweet potato chips and the sweet potato salad are sooo tasty! The gumbo will cure what ails you! I love the oyster and shrimp po boy! I'm hungry!
1 This is not a NOLA joint, but a No,LA-joint..  hah!As a NO,LA-joint, this place gets 4 stars!  As a NOLA joint, this place gets 3 stars.  However, convenience to good, fresh produce, meat, and seafood brings this NOLA-type stand up to 4-stars again.I'm a die-hard seafood fan.  No.  I'm not AZN, just asian.Born and raised in New Orleans, I wouldn't write home about this food stand since I am used to sweet and salty Gulf seafood with a bold explosion of rich flavors. For what it is and its location, I would visit again if in the area.  This review is based on decent food, convenience to the farmer's market, and limited Cajun food choices in and around Los Angeles.The Gumbo Pot and the Crepe stand were my usual stops when I needed to replenish my fridge with produce and protein.  By the way, the various meat and seafood counters have great selections and cuts.A 4-star soft shell crab po'boy and a few oysters on a half shell on a slightly colder day is proper. Typical sauce on a NOLA po'boy would be extra mayo and hot sauce; the Gumbo Pot has an interesting sauce that when paired with extra lemon and tobasco works well for me  (now that I've moved away, I do miss the dill-ish sauce).  On a good day, the crab is tasty and not over-cooked.  The bread, decent; but not familiar french bread. Like most seafood, the oysters aren't bad during the cooler months.I cannot subject myself to the 2-star seafood gumbo again due to the lack of real crab with shells and the like...  On the other hand, the jambalaya is a solid 3-star and the red beans and rice is a 3.5-star.  The lack of rich flavors and meager meat and seafood portions took these ratings down by .5-star.  Ragin' Cajun in Hermosa Beach serves better gumbo and jambalaya with a slightly larger portion.I'll still settle for a po'boy and a half dozen oysters if I'm not having a breakfast crepe down the way with, yes, tobasco.Don't forget your cup of lemonade a few stands over!
3 We stopped here on a recent trip to L.A.  We always like to go to the Grove and the Farmers Market and happened to be there at dinner time. Maybe since it was February and I was thinking of Mardi Gras (which I've been to a few times) or maybe it was because spicy cajun food always sounds good to me we decided to stop at the Gumbo Pot.  My husband got the muffaleta witha salad that came with what they called  toasted pecan dressing.  I got the gumbo and decided to get the jalapeno hushpuppies which the guy told be were made to order.  I can never decide between red beans and rice or gumbo but I hoped I had made the right decision.I really wanted to like everything since I have seen such good reviews on Yelp, but everything was really disappointing.  The muffaleta was basic, nothing stood out.  The toasted pecan dressing was basically ranch dressing with some pecans sprinkled on it.  It doesn't sound like a good combo because it isn't a good combo.The gumbo was way to sweet and not spicy at all.  Chewing the andouille sausage was like chewing grisle.  The hushpuppies were hard as rocks and had no flavor.  Since I've been lucky enough to eat in the Big Easy I had to compare and unfortunatly there was no comparison.  New Orleans is an amazing food town.  You can go Food Network chef to fine dining to a little hole in the wall and always find something amazing.   I don't htink I would give the Gumbo Pot a second chance, I'll just have to save my red beans and rice craving for another trip to New Orleans.  I'd rather spend some hard earned money in a city that needs to keep revitalzing and knows how to make a mean gumbo.
2 This place was pretty cool.  I don't know too much about Louisiana food, but I did like my serving of alligator (no joke).  It was about $10 for corn meal fried alligator and a side of creole potato salad.  The alligator was really good (first time trying that), but I'm somewhat of a portions guy, and I feel like I could have used a little more alligator (but I bet I feel like that a lot).  The guys prepping the food we're really cool and engaging when I cracked a joke about my food taking a while to come out because they had to wrestle the alligator in the back.I would definitely come back!
1 It was a cold day and I was in the mood for something hot and spicy to warm my tummy, so I tried jambalaya here! It was served to me piping hot so that I scalded the roof of my mouth--unfortunately, I'm a freak and actually like that. :-[ So a negative for many was a positive for me...It definitely warmed me up and made me feel all cozy!!! I was also sweating and my nose was running. :-)I can't say much, because this was my first and only experience voluntarily eating Cajun food. I'm just not a big fan of Cajun spices. Empirically, I think what I had was good. Nice balance of flavors (not too salty) and textures (starchy firm rice made the soup nice and thick!). But again, I personally don't like Cajun spices (especially sausages)--I just got it because I wanted something hot and spicy, and it delivered. :-) It might have been a tad greasy? Whatever. Other than the soupy stuff (jambalaya, gumbo), it's basically all fried seafood--which doesn't float my boat, but might float yours. (eew, totally didn't mean to pun seafood/boat :-[) It's made fresh, so if you like that then go for it! However, as with the rest of the eateries at the farmers market, it's not a lot of food for a kinduvalota$$$... (this is coming from a cheapo from SGV...now THERE you can get a whole lot more for a whole lot less :-D)
3 This would've been a 3.5 that could've been rounded up to a 4, if the service had been better. The lady that took my order wasn't very friendly.I ordered the Blackened Pacific Snapper with Coleslaw. The Snapper was spicy, but was not well seasoned (could've used a bit more pepper and salt). The portion also seemed a bit small. The coleslaw was above average. The small bits of green apple gave it a nice tartness. The dish also came with a cornbread, which was not "Killer". It was kind of bland and dry and tasted more like a whole grain muffin than cornbread.I also ordered a side of Jambalaya to see how it fares with some of the few I've had and it was also average. One reviewer mentioned that it tasted like a pile of tomato flavored rice and it sort of tasted that way. The spice was there, but it also lacked seasoning. The chicken in it was kinda stringy. I've  had better jambalaya from a truck.Would go again to try one more side-dish and see if it makes me want to come back for more.
1 This place was absolutely disgusting. $26 gone to waste on food that made me and my bf sick for hours and left us with so much regret. My bf ordered the seafood gumbo that didn't actually taste like anything and was difficult to swallow. Our huge mistake was ordering the side of the potato salad. It was SO DISGUSTING. I ate one potato bit and had to immediately spit it into my napkin. It tasted extremely bitter and sour, and the taste was really off. My bf hated it and suspected the salad was spoiled due to the taste and smell. We threw it away. I had a French Quarter Muffayette that was all bread and no filling. I got maybe 3 slices of provolone and then the paste just smeared on top. The filling was thinner than my Galaxy S4 phone, which is rather pathetic.We have learned our lesson and are never coming back.
1 Ordered here  to go  about 9 months ago, doing a review because I am still upset about the money I wasted . I didn't hold back,  we order the gumbo, blacken salmon, red beans and rice and the greens.  I was beyond disappointed .  The rice should not have been put with the gumbo. It was all mushy. No meat!  just juice like a soup broth. The greens and red beans had absolutely no flavor.  The salmon was just what it was blacken salmon .  Please do not waste your money.  But of course you see the cute signs and bold décor  so you  fall for it.  DO NOT EXPECT REAL GUMBO IF YOU EAT REAL AUTHENTIC GUMBO.  All of the people that are saying this place is the best has never had real gumbo. Soup is not gumbo.  P.S and a little tip if you do get it to go tell them to pack the rice and gumbo soup separate.
4 So I live in Northern Cal , my parents are from Lake Charles Louisiana, So I know what real gumbo taste like ,After seeing the Gumbo Pot on TV it had my mouth watering for a taste! I was in LA for the 4th of July holiday , I waited until my last day to go to farmers market, Picked up my food (sea food gumbo) We'll. Let's just say I was not impressed , first of all the price was to high for what was in my bowl,I had way to much Rice along with Vegetables (who puts vegetable s in gumbo ) WHO DOES THAT:-( No Orkra all day . very little shrimp . I was so disappointed with my food that I WILL NEVER GO BACK TO TRY ANY THING ELSE. OH corn bread and sweet  potato salad doesn't make how they sell that dish any better...signed UNHAPPY CUSTOMER :-\
3.5 Disappointing! Cornbread hard. Chicken hard and dry. A simple salad turned bad. Not worth the 11.00.
4 I saw this featured on Eye on L.A. and was excited to give it a try. I had the fried catfish with collard greens and cornbread for the sides and their Iced Tea. NEVER AGAIN. You only get two pieces of catfish and they didn't have much flavor, actually they weren't tasty at all. (I was better off getting some fried fish from one of the mom/pop stores located in the hood). Their collard greens were ok, I've had better (but the ones I had were home-made, so I'm kinda biased). Their cornbread was pretty good. Their $2.75 Iced tea should have been $1.00 cause it tasted super watery. Oh and I also tried their coleslaw, no bueno. All in all, it wasn't too good of an experience. Maybe I should've gotten the gumbo seafood considering they are known for their gumbo BUT then I read some of the reviews on that......
4 We went there because we wanted some southern food and we thought it would be fun to hang out at the Grove afterwards.  We had the gumbo ya-ya, jambalaya, and eggplant muffelata and listened to who we were told was Ray Charles' daughter sing some Blues.The ambiance was great, lots of food vendors everywhere, and lively music in the open air.  The food however, wasn't that impressive.  Maybe it's because I am so particular about my gumbo, but it didn't taste the way I like it.  The jambalaya was ok.  The muffelata was unimpressive to say the least.  It was served on a cheap, giant hamburger bun and the eggplant was too salty.  The collard greens that came with the gumbo, on the other hand, was good.I've read some decent reviews for this place so I would like to try again in the future, but it wasn't impressive with our last visit.
3 This week, I am tracking another treat from the deep south: The Muffuletta sandwich.Originating from New Orleans' French Quarter. The Muffuletta was accidentally created in the early 1900s at The Central Grocery, a local hangout for Sicilian farmers who sold their produce at the market.The sandwich consists of capicola, salami, mortadella, emmentaler, and provolone cheese topped with a tangy olive salad, and stuffed between two halves of an Italian roll, also known as muffuletta.It's a thick sandwich. Really thick.I had always heard of people mention this sandwich as it seems to be incredibly popular in Louisiana. Bobby Flay even delved into the history of the sandwich and professed his love for it on an episode of his show, Throwdown.So when I was prompted with a suggestion of where to find a Muffuletta in Los Angeles, I was eager to try it...and try it, I did.Making my way through the tight winding corridors of the Farmers' Market at The Grove in Los Angeles, I finally arrived at The Gumbo Pot.Biting into my first Muffuletta, the first thing I noticed was the olive salad, and I really, really enjoyed it. Tangy and full of flavor the olive salad really stood out among all of the other ingredients of the sandwich.The flavor of the numerous meats and cheeses blended together a little too well, though. Nothing really stood out, nor could I tell which meats were actually even used as no single taste was discernible from the others.The real low point for me was the bread.And as you may know from previous posts, this can sometimes be the break point for a sandwich.The bread was chewy, and had very little, if any, taste.Bland would be putting it mildly when talking about the bread.The sandwich did receive a second wind though, when the next day I braved the trials of turning on my own oven and placed the sandwich in the fires at 350 for 10 minutes to bring this monstrous creation back to life.The bread was much less chewy, and I would have to say the overall experience definitely was better, but still, I was left wanting more.Another time, Muffuletta?All in all, my first experience with the Muffuletta was a let down. But have no fear, for I will keep my eyes and ears open for another place that offers this supposedly DANGEROUS sandwich.Until then, dear readers...
4 I am from New Orleans the food here is edible, if you are desperate for New Orleans food, like I am.  There are not that many New Orleans food establishments in Los Angeles.The shrimp po-boy equals ordering a french loaf garnished with a shrimp!!!!  What a joke but I was in dire straits!!!!!!Oh and the gumbo and the etouffee do NOT taste like the real deal in New Orleans!!!
4.5 This place is horrible. The cashier has a crappy attitude. Shrimp PoBoy had no flavor until I added hot sauce and at that,it was still meh.  Fried Alligator taste like rubbery old chicken. Greens were ok,so was the corn bread. The Farmer Market is a overpriced tourist trap.  Don't waste your money or your time.
3.5 This place is not what I thought 1 the red snapper is great and well cooked2 the sweet potato slaw...flavorless and bland. Not worth eating or testing3 corn bread is hard as a rock 4 gumbo and jambalaya taste exactly the same, it's nothing to write home about. I wouldn't gone back.
4 Do not waste your time and money on this rip off joint in Farmer's Market.  Many years ago had a bowl of overpriced gumbo and got sick to my stomach.  Went again in Nov 2018 and selected a Po-Boy.  Big mistake.  Big uninteresting roll with a very small portion of jerk chicken and no dressing whatsoever on the roll or the chicken.  Complete rip off for ten dollars.  Owners should be ashamed for serving up such miserable food.
4.5 Yesterday, I went here for a late lunch. I ordered a half French Quarter Muffuletta sandwich, an order of beignets and decaf chicory coffee. The half muffuletta sandwich was big and too much for one person even though I finished it. I was very hungry. I wanted the crust on the bread to be crunchy, but it was soft. Also, they should add a little hot peppers to the olive spread to add to the taste or at least, have peppers on the side. I only ate one of the four beignets there. I had to take the rest home, because I was too full. I am not sure if they gave me decaf chicory coffee, because I did not see it marked on my receipt or my cup.I will come here again, but will not order the half French Quarter Muffuletta sandwich again. I wouldn't even recommend it if I were with someone. I will probably try the jambalaya next.
4 I go to the LA Farmer's Market once a year at Christmas time. I always stop to eat at The Gumbo Pot. There was a line (which can be a good thing), so I had to wait to order.  This time I ordered the appetizer combo platter which consists of boiled shrimp, boiled crawfish, 3 oysters on a half shell and cocktail sauce. I also ordered decaf chicory coffee and beignets. When the order came out, I looked at the plate and said to myself, "I don't think I can eat all of this.", but I did.  Everything was good, but the crawfish were small, so not a lot of meat in them. Also, the crawfish were not spicy. Even the Louisana hot sauce I got from their counter was not spicy. This doesn't even compare to the crawfish I had in New Orleans which are bigger and more flavorful. The three oysters were very good. The oysters were the best part of the platter. The beignets were just right. The decaf chicory coffee also was good. For people who never had chicory coffee you have to develop a taste for it before you like it.   Service was just O.K. It is counter service. So, all they had to do is take your order and call out your number when it is done.
4 This place is fantastic and whenever I visit LA it's one of my first stops. I normally get the fried oysters and/or shrimp the red beans and rice and greens and the cornbread muffin. Last month I tried the sweet potato pie and it was delicious! However, the Gumbo isn't great. Every time I go I add a cup to my meal hoping that it's gotten better but it's always disappointing. It's extremely bland and way too spicy. Next time I go I'm going to take some Gumbo File and see if that helps. This review was saved from 8/2013 that was never posted.
4.5 Not good. Their po' boys are poorly done. Not authentic at all. Will not be returning.
4.2 Pretty under seasoned vegetable soup that they call gumbo. Don't waste your money here
4.2 Disgusting. I had the shrimp po boy. The cheap bread roll was flavorless and stale. The shrimp batter was soggy. The lettuce was wilting. The mayonnaise had no flavor or spice.The jumbalaya was passable although tasted like the sauce had come out of a can.  The mustard creole potato salad had a weird flavor and consistency to it. I've had better potato salad at Ralph's.For the $34 the meal cost(my friend also had a shrimp po boy) it was very overpriced even for the grove. I would never eat here again unless held at gunpoint.Also I asked for water which she gave me an empty cup and pointed me I the drinking fountain. Ewww. What, I spend $34 for your crappy, stale and overpriced food and you can't even give me a glass of water? So much for service!Pass!!
3 This is a great little spot tucked away in the Farmer's Market (adjacent to The Grove). Pretty much everything is great there, but you owe it to yourself to try the fried alligator tail. A few minor complaints: 1) they only have lukewarm canned sodas. 2) The table-and-chair seating nearby fills up quickly. 3) The order-takers/cooks take their sweet freakin' time, regardless of how long the line might be. 4) One at least one occasion, the jumbalaya was 99% rice and 1% andouille sausage. That being said, give it a try!Pros: Great food, intense flavors, good variety Cons: Slow service, seating can be a challenge
3 Jambalaya is long on rice, short on shrimp and sausage, which is sad for a $12 meal.  Cornbread is fair, but ordered sweet potato salad and got carrot salad instead.
1 I'm from Cajun Country.  This was the second worst gumbo I have EVER had.  It was sweet, no file and the meat was grotesquely frozen.  The "mustard" salad was disgusting and definitely not the true Cajun version.  I also was lied to.  When I asked the girl about the gumbo file she told me that it was in there.  Trust me it was not.  My friend order a muffaletta which was probably better than mine - but not much.  Only the beignets were ok.  I'll never go back.  For shame.
4 I always look forward going to this place when i'm near the Farmer's Market.  This is my number one spot when ever I go to the Grove.  The Jambalaya and the Gumbo is the best I've tasted anywhere.I was just here this past weekend and I had a bad experience by finding a strand of hair on one of the shrimps.  I didn't really complained to the people there, since it probably was a minor mistake but what can you expect from this place anyways.  I just won't order the shrimps anymore.Jambalaya and greens were exquisite = 5 starHair in my shrimp, I have to give it 1 starOverall experience = 3 star
4 Was seriously craving oysters that day. Oyster po boy was not impressive, fried well but didn't taste much oyster flavor. In fact it didn't have much flavor at all so I had to add my cocktail sauce from my raw oysters to get through it. I was disappointed The raw oysters were pretty good, I give 4 stars because the horseradish sauce was legit. However, it drives me crazy when oysters aren't shucked correctly and you have to take your own utensil to sever the adductor muscle underneath (otherwise you suck and slurp and it's firmly attached to the shell).
1 If they had no star I would mark that box because this place was the worst!! the corn bread muffins were so dry you couldn't even eat it without it crumbling.  I ordered the fried chicken Salad because they were out of the sesame ginger noodle salad.  the lettuce was fine the chicken taste like it was made yesterday so I take it back and tell them this chicken taste like it was made yesterday and the woman says we make our food ahead and it WAS made yesterday. I said exactly.... it was tough, dry etc... she argues with me I said keep the salad. The chicken should be fried to order.  the poorboy sandwich bread roll was stale too. we will never come back and will tell visitors and friends to not eat here! we live here and the word will get out. They depend on tourists who never come back, that's the only way they survive. In case you didn't get the picture, IT WAS TERRIBLE!!!
2 I love going to Farmer's Market but this place is just disappointing.  So far Ive tried their mixed PoBoy with shrimp oysters, seafood gumbo with cornbread and salad , and bread pudding.  The only I recommend is the bread pudding.  Gumbo didn't have the okra or the crab and just very plain in taste.  The po boy is something to just fill you up but not to enjoy.  Cornbread had some good taste to it at least .  You have to get the bread pudding!
1 Excellent seafood gumbo & cornbread muffin; red beans & rice was also tasty. Service fast and friendly, prices reasonable. Will be back often now that we've found it (and we are from Louisiana!).
5 So with it being Thursday night, it's steak night at the Gumbo Pot. I've never eaten a steak here before so I called them and a young lady answered the phone. I asked her "Ma'am, what sizes are your steaks this evening?" and she said, very uneasily "Umm....medium?....I don't know, sir, please hold on."  She then came back on the line and told me they were 12oz steaks.  Well my wife still wanted the steak with its two sides and a sweet tea. I just ordered the Danny Burger, which is loaded plus an egg, with French fries. Well by the time my wife had gotten home, I had gotten excited about eating our Gumbo Pot again but that feeling was short lived. When I opened my styrofoam box it just had a little pathetic looking burger in it, with only 2 small pieces of bacon and a burnt egg. There were no condiments or tomatoes or lettuce or onions or pickles on my burger. Also missing in the box was my French fries. I could understand messing up an order this bad if it's a busy evening, but come on guys and girls at the Gumbo Pot, y'all really let me down tonight and to the point where I may never come back.
3 This restaurant is a stall inside the Farmer's Market on Fairfax and Third.  It is my go to place for Cajun/creole food.  They offer a variety of Cajun menu in combination.  I usually don't order the combo as the potato salad and corn bread are too filling for me.  I love their seafood gumbo and jambalaya, which are must-have if you come here.  The spice and flavor were perfect.  They are spicy but not hot.  They also serve fried seafood and alligator meat which I never tried.  I also love their oyster poboy, which has large fried oyster and lemon slices inside a bun. Price is reasonable.  Each item costs around $10 a la carte.  The place is very casual as you must find your own seating in the public dining area.  It's a restaurant you'll want to come back.
3.5 Everytime I go to Farmer's Market, I eat at this stand.  It is probably one of the best Cajun in L.A. This is unquestionably a 'bargain for the quality.'  Try not to order the meal, so the corn bread and potato do not fill up your stomach.  Order a la carte, so you can try various items.  I like Jabalaya, Gumbo Ya Ya, Oyster Poboy (must try it. fresh fried oyster in a bun and eat with the lemon skin).
4 Food was boring and bland without meat no spices and that was the jambalaya the cornbread was robbery without taste and stale the three bean salad actually it was a five bean salad that they took out of a jar was the best thing and that was free so I pushed one star if I could go backwards and push one star negative I would do that
4 i'm a big fan of chunky soup's gumbo with chicken and sausage.  seriously that right there is the real deal.so naturally i had my doubts when i saw this place.  i ordered the jambalaya with mustard potato salad and cornbread.  this would have been a fantastic lunch, but breakfast?  er .. i wasn't feeling that good the rest of the day.  neither was the gf.  but it was so good!the jambalaya was surprisingly better than the chunky soup.  i couldn't believe it.  i didn't think such a feat was possible!  didn't care too much for the potato salad.  kinda waxy still, but it was the mustard that did me in - then again i hate mustard, but wanted to try it.  cornbread was AWESOME!
3 My Grandma is from Louisiana and her Seafood Creole File Gumbo is to die for.  The gumbo I had at the Gumbo Pot, the Gumbo Ya-Ya, yeah, not so much YA-YA.  Like, really NOT SO MUCH.  They should call it chili as opposed to gumbo, since the consistency was ridiculously thick.  It was also extremely dark.  I've had gumbo on countless occassions and each time I've been able to see and discern the various ingredients swimming in the bowl or pot and it could appropriately maintain its status as a soup.  Pointing out the shrimp, crab, sausage, chicken, rice, okra, and/or whatever else is in the gumbo that I'm eating is usually child's play.  Well, if I were competing in a contest to do that with the Gumbo Pot's gumbo, I'd fail . . . miserably.  If they asked me whether it was a soup or chili, I'd more than likely guess wrong on that one too.  Probably the only thing that I could point out resolutely was that the gumbo was brown.  Perhaps I shouldn't even bet on that.  Oh you know what, there is actually one more thing that I could point out resolutely.  The gumbo at the Gumbo Pot resolutely SUCKED!Furthermore, a friend of mine ordered the Jambalaya and when I stole a bite of it, I couldn't really tell the difference between it and my gumbo.  Hers was a little more red perhaps, but really, that should not be the only difference between two different meals.   I did however really like the greens I ordered, but that was a small consellation after my hopes had been so thoroughly deflated.   I had been pretty eager to finally try the gumbo that I'd read so much about, and to my utter dismay, it was utterly dismal.  I would have much rather saved my $10 bucks and found a shirt at Forever 21, lol, or some socks from Nordstroms.
4 This is one of these places that sooner or later will become fashionable to disregard as inauthentic, or for some other bullshit reason.  The only real downside to my mind is that you have to eat outdoors and outdoor eating, particularly at the Farmer's Market, has a slight dirty quality to the experience.  But you know, the food is terrific.  I think the prices while a little steep in some respects are ultimately appropriate for the location.It's reliable New Orleans Cajun-infused food.  My favorite is the sweet potato salad, and the chocolate-covered beignet (a puffy sort of diamondey square shaped donut covered in powdered sugar).  Root beer is the de riguer drink of choice.  This is a fantastic place for lunch if you work nearby and as usual Farmer's Market is a tremendously egalitarian experience: rich, poor, junkie, local Yiddish speaking senior citizen Jewish folks, Russians, bohemians, movie types, and tourist.  It's just a good melting pot of folks, with a good melting pot of spicy (well it's spicy to me, I have mild tastes) food and a good experience.  I recommend you go.  The gumbo is great, the catfish poboys (sandwiches) are great.  Everything on the menu is great.  I give it a four because I think now that the Grove exists some of the egalitarian charm has been lost by the costs of parking, and dog and pony show that has resulted from the Disneyesque atmosphere and endless crowds.  My recc is go during a weekday when it's less busy.
4.5 Amazingly mediocre cajun food. Gumbo was full of filler veggies and lacked any rich flavor and not much meat. Jumbalaya was really watery. Cornbread not that good, and cold. Probably falls in the tourist trap area since you are in the middle of the Farmer's Market. But there's so many other better options available...
3.5 I checked out the Gumbo Pot for the very first time last Thursday during Dine Out Los Angeles, which is a one-day fundraising event, where Los Angeles area restaurants donate 20% or more of their day's proceeds to Aid For AIDS to help prevent homelessness and hunger for individuals and families impoverished and disabled by HIV/AIDS.  I ordered the Traditional Recipe Jambalaya with sides of Sweet Potato chips and corn bread.  Me likey!!!  I'd like to try the gumbo or fried seafood next time.  I think I hear New Orleans calling me now!
4 What a bummer. Love Cajun food, but this was poor execution. Ordered a Shrimp Po'Boy ($10.50) and a side of gumbo and cornbread. Unfortunately everything was mediocre. The Po'Boys come on large rolls with a sprinkling of shrimp. I'm paying the price for shrimp to be on my sandwich so why are there only 5 pieces? However, there was more than enough lettuce and lemon wedges on the Po'Boy (I don't know why anyone would  need 4 lemon wedges in a sandwich?). I ended up throwing away half of the sandwich since there was no shrimp in it and just too much bread! The gumbo was hearty but lacked flavor and heat. And the cornbread? Don't get me started! Marie Callendar's store bought mix was better than what I ate...the gumbo pot's cornbread was hard, stale, and dry. I ended up spending $18 in total and was very disappointed by the lack of flavor at this place. Save your money and go somewhere better like My Two Cents and Uncle Darrow's.Parking at the Farmer's Market is 2 hours free with validation. $4 when you hit hour 3.
4.5 I should have listened to the other reviews, but I was hoping that my experience could be different. Good size food portion, but the taste is lacking. There's too much bread and very little meat for the po boy. The jambalaya could use a bit more spice and meat. The beignets had a bitter after taste, and it's only saving grace is the powdered sugar. Overall, I had decent expectations for this place considering it's in the grove, and the quality of the food just failed miserably.
4 I was looking to grab a quick dinner and stopped here for a Blackened Catfish Po'Boy.  I remember the first time I had this a few years back that it was surprising - a full loaf of French bread piled with catfish, lettuce, tomato and sliced lemons.  I really, really liked it.  But, my recent Po'Boy was mostly bread and lettuce with very few pieces of catfish.  So the bites I had that had catfish were great, but the bites of just bread were a real bummer.
4 I love the gumbo here.  I used to come all the time, but haven't made it out on one of my lunch breaks from work lately.  The cornbread, I thought, was ok.  But the real draw is definitely the gumbo.  I am curious about the alligator though....
4.5 If you're going to call yourself "The GUMBO Pot" you better have good Gumbo. This place doesn't. I was VERY disappointed. The shrimp was dry and the sausage was too. The chicken was gross. The Rue was terrible. Cambells soup from a can is slightly better. They get no stars.
4.2 lol. didn't realize I had already reviewed it, but what the heck.The Gumbo Pot has been an educational experience. They have taught me what the flavors and foods of New Orleans are all about.  I never been to the Big Easy so until I go this is my goto place.I do this little move when I go to the Farmer's Market where I wander around the place and check out all the places. Maybe Singapore food, or that Brazilian place, hell even the barbecue place. But no it's always the Gumbo Pot. Why?1) The gumbo ya-ya. Full of flavor. and sausage and chicken and shrimp and just a damn good sauce that is just the bee's knee and more.2)Red Beans and Rice. Deep deep taste with onions and soft beans and tasty rice.3) Oyster Po-Boy. Deep fried and yet when you break that crunch the soft feel and texture of oyster. Yum.4) Muffuletta. First one I ever had and maybe the best. Piled with cold cuts on a soft bread sandwich. Big enough to put you in a food coma.5) Beignets. Cheap, soft and powder sugar. What moe could you ask.Haven't had anything bad here, ok maybe the hush puppies disappointed a bit.  Give it a shot you will not regret it.
4.2 The jambalaya (with andouille sausage & chicken or with chicken and shrimp) is delish and the real deal. Go with a side of the jamabalaya (or side of gumbo or red beans & rice) and cornbread for a small lunch or filling snack for under $5.
1 The food is great i got the meatloaf but the spicy ketchup sauce that comes with it is amazing. Wouldve given it 4 stars but the clerk (african american girl) absolutely rude and no customer service. Seems like she doesn't want to be there.
1 The food was not great But it wasn't bad either. The beignets could be a lot better. (I felt the jazz kitchen had better beignets)I do wish you get Gumbo without shrimp or make it optional,
2 I was disappointed with the po boy. Too much bread not enough oysters. Next time I'll order anything but.
1 I don't get all that much cajun food so this is kind of my go-to place since I like walking around at the Grove. I know there are better offers but I love going to the Grove just to walk around. The food is always good, just the right amount of spice and flavor. But honestly, I would probably try other stalls next time I am back, even though I am a sucker for jambalaya.
3 I wasn't expecting much, even though I heard great things about it.   One night I decided to finally try it out, hoping not to be disappointed.  My ex-boss was from LA (Louisiana, that is) and would make the entire office (200 people) Gumbo to celebrate good months.   So I have a high bar for gumbo.  Well, thankfully I discovered a great, cheap meal.  What more can a girl ask for ....
4 Not bad.. But not as good as I remember.. They're gumbo was nothing spectacular and maybe that's because I caught it towards the end of the night, but I remember their Po-Boy sandwiches being REALLY good a long time ago.. Maybe I'll give them another chance.. but on this night, 2 stars
4 I've only  had the Jambalaya here, but is very good, and makes for a very filling dinner with a corn bread muffin and a choice of a side. I got the 5 bean salad, which was also very tasty. The Jambalaya is made with chicken, Andouille sausage and just enough spice to make my nose run.
3 Not sure about the gumbo, worst blackened fish ever. Not seasoned and burnt!! Cornbread was dry as well, not at all worth the $15.00 for the meal..
4 I hit up the spot with my boo @allredchucks and I was expecting big things. $24 dollars later, Me: Fried Shrimp Po'Boy, Him: Gumbo Ya-Ya & Jambalaya. Mine LOOKED huge. But upon opening it...lots of bread, lots of lettuce, slices of lemons?, and a very few shrimp. I ended up opening it and just eating the shrimp. Blah. His gumbo had only a few shrimp, no detectable crab meat, lots of veggies and rice. No Bueno! Jambalaya was ok. Lemonade was the best thing we had, but $2 for a small cup of mostly ice.....not worth it. So disappointing. Gumbo Shack in the 'hood still the best.
3 The Farmer's Market is loved by many, and the Gumbo Pot is no exception. However, if you encounter a universally loved Cajun place without class action lawsuits for singed tongues and perforated bowels...what you have is a diluted compromise. Had shrimp po' boys, seafood gumbo and jambalaya here and all three were respectable for LA, but the service always sucks. One time I had an iced tea-lemonade and asked for a refill on iced tea. The clerk snapped back that the splash of lemonade had voided my refill policy. We had a standoff like two angry mountain rams - but he would not budge and scoffed at my water request. I understand a half n' half is not plain iced tea but how about a little sympathy for the unknowing customer who just ate 3,000+ mg of sodium from your food??
3.5 I may not be an authority on Cajun, but my tongue knows when it dances from yummy happiness and when it wants to hit me for getting it all excited & then disappointing it with bland food.  Relying on the Yelp reviews, I got all worked up about trying the jambalaya at this place and may have even clapped my hands together when my food came out.  Alas, the food tasted like un-spicy, dressed up tomato soup.  Petulant, I hungrily starred down my boyfriend's shrimp po' boy until I managed to get a few bites (it was far better than the jambalaya).  I might try this place out again but would never order the jambalaya again -- for that, I'd rather go to Uncle Darrow's in Venice.
4 A friend of mine and I, both Katrina evacuees, recently tried the place. It's pretty good and most everything was tasty. About the closest you'll likely get to New Orleans cuisine here and it's pretty cheap. Beignets are a far cry though from Cafe du Monde or Morning Call so they still need to work on that to get a five star from me.
4 my girlfriend took me here after nyala ( etheopian food) idk how this went down well but damn was it a kick.we came here to try their bennets which in all sense is friend bread and powdered suger. although it was exactly that, it had a taste i couldnt describe in words or thought. i want to come back here and actually try some of their other foods.go here for their desserts in particularly the bennets.PT.2 coming soon
3 Aside from five-star red beans and rice, and three-star frog legs, everything else about the lunch we had there yesterday was embarrassing--shrimp po-boys on stale, tasteless buns and skimpy badly-fried shrimp; bone-dry corn bread; collard greens that looked and tasted like last week's leftovers; roux-less gumbo drowned in spice--need I go on? Louisiana food AIN'T LIKE THIS!
4 So good! Gumbo and shrimp po'boy really tasteee. Thanks for a great lunch. Shrimp breading was hella good. Gumbo had amazing flavor. Will definitely come back.
4.5 I recently ate there and unfortunately, it has really gone south, no pun intended. It's supposed to be a creole, New Orleans style take away stand, but I promise, the food in New Orleans is way better. I had the fried oysters and they were more like fried rubber. I spit them out because I couldn't chew them. Hushpuppies were burnt. Too bad because this used to be a great place.
3.5 An excellent part of Los Angeles, great cajun food and service. Everything I've had here is on point. From the Po Boy's to the jambalaya its all good and usually spicy. Make sure to try the killer corn bread and the red beans & rice.
4 THE BEST PLACE FOR GUMBO, in Southern California anyway. I recommend the Gumbo Ya-Ya with real corn in the Cornbread and Pecan Salad. I'm not too keen on their sandwiches... so I just stick with what's best.
4.5 My review is solely based on the fried fish, I'll just say I wish I got either the gumbo or jambalaya.  I got the mixed plate that came with fried oyster,  fish and shrimp along with a side of their cornbread.  Everything was waaay overcooked some of it almost to the point of being burnt.  The cornbread was whatever, dry maybe even a little stale.  I was sadly disappointed.
4 Service was lousy. The man who took our order was kind of a jerk. The food was disappointing and overpriced. If you're looking for a good lemon wedge, check out the gumbo pot. That's all they can do.
4 The worst Gumbo I have ever tasted. There was no crab. They said it had crab in it. The Gumbo tasted like unseasoned tomato soup. I was very disappointed
4.5 Not tasty gumbo taste like cambells can gumbo. The girl had the worst attitude but the cashier guy was nice..the po boys looked good! I might give them a chance.oh and the girl over cooked my beignets.
4.2 I give this place one star and it's for decor! Since its mardi gra weekend  here at the farmer's market thought it would be "the place" to eat lunch. After getting over price-shock, I said it's worth a try. We ordered the shrimp po boy sandwich, beignets and blacked chicken salad. The po boy had way too much lettuce, I couldn't find the micro shrimp. No sauce, maybe mayo? The beignets were big, hollow and tasteless, not even the powdered sugar had flavor. The blackened chicken salad left a lot to be desired. Dressing was colorful and not flavorful.  Should have opted out when a customer came to the counter to return her cornbread because she said it was too dry. All I could do was eat and bare it while wishing I'd went to the pizza place right across from me. Smh!
4.2 Okay, the servers are nice, the Collard Greens are excellent, and I enjoyed the cornbread. So we got the good things out of the way. I ordered Gumbo Yaya. Very thin broth with absolutely no cajun flavors. All the ingredients were cooked into submission. Gumbo is supposed to begin with a dark mahogany roux. I think this gumbo started with a can of chicken soup. I also ordered red beans and rice. Very thick, too thick and pasty. Also no cajun flavor. If they had let a hamhock soak in it there would have been some goodness in it. We need to remember that this is The Grove at Farmers Market, and they are very very busy, but a little more effort would go a long way. Will I return? Maybe...if I forget today's experience.
5 This is one of my favorite places to eat in California. The first time I came here was in high school, with a few classmates. I curiously ordered the jambalaya, with a side of mustard creole potato salad and cornbread, and was instantly in comfort food heaven. The Jambalaya is amazing. Juicy sausage, shrimp, just all seasoned with magic Cajun sauce that's SO. FREAKING. GOOD. I want to die from how good it is. The cornbread is feather-soft, and buttery-warm, you and just meltingly break pieces off of it, while the mustard potato adds a great tanginess to the entire ensemble. It's that good I'm telling you.I've been back numerous times. Once, my friend and I ordered the jambalaya, a pitcher of Alaskan, some Alligator tail filet and drunken shrimp and sat on rickety old chairs underneath the yellow overhang that covered the top of the farmer's market, while a live congo band played right in front of us. I have so many great memories at this place. Other food at farmer's market is good too, and the Grove is fun, but hands down the Gumbo Pot is my favorite place. I test my dates here too (subconsciously of course). If they don't like the cajun food it's minus 100000 points. I will eat my cornbread, then very arrogantly and condescendingly eat their cornbread too.
3 The ONLY Cajun joint worth a crap in LA. All the others have tried really missed the marker, and frankly even a bigger disappointment than the places claining that they sold TX BBQ,but that's another story. EVERYTHING on the menu is good and authentic Cajun and Creole cookin'. Their gumbo is of course a winner, and so is the jabalaya, in fact the jamb is my usual. So check it out!
2 I've been coming here for many years, and I really don't get why so many bad reviews.My girlfriend and I recently spent a few weeks in New Orleans, and ate Cajun food at quite a few spots, fancy and hole-in-the-walls. Many considered as authentic as you can get.And while The Gumbo Pot was not as good as most of them, it was definitely "in the range" of being pretty good and somewhat authentic. I've had gumbo, jambalaya, fried seafood and poboys. Even if they were not completely authentic, they are always tasty.
4 Went this morning to buy a few orders of beignets. There was no one there but us, and the ghetto ass girl with the long, orange fake braids behind the counter. She had a stank attitude and was so ignorant  and rude we left, never to return.
1 Eat their last Saturday.   Have to say my wife and I were not impressed.   The service was terrible.   I had the spicy gumbo. And my wife had Jambalaya.   Both dishes were terrible.  They tasted like it came from a can.   And the Ice tea was disgusting.    The beans were under cooked.  The rice was good as well as the corn bread.   Personally I will never eat their again.  I also do not recommend this place if your looking for good Cajun food.
1 This is one of the worst spot for "Cajun" food. Expensive for what it is.We ordered 2 mixed po-boys and they were the worst. Way too much bread and not enough of the shrimps and oysters. I'm from gulf and this is a disgrace to Cajun food.
3 This probably was the worst place to get your fix of southern food.  Food was not great and neither is their customer service.  They're polite but they don't go above and beyond. Food is not worth the price.  DO NOT GET THE HUSH PUPPIES! Try to avoid this place and go for brazillian bbq instead.
4 I love this place! The food is excellent, and good portions for your money. It can get a bit busy here and the whole area is pretty busy itself. So, just be prepared to pay for parking or take forever looking for one (& leaving this place). Other than that, I like going to this farmer's market and having a lot of different food to choose from, and going here to enjoy their delicious gumbo.
3 Shocked by the reviews bc i took my family here when they came down to visit and we all loved it. My family had the po'boy, fried shrimp, greens, and catfish and we were satisfied with it all. My dads from Mississippi so if he liked it then that says a lot considering he is honest when it comes to these things. Now the only reason i took one star off for is bc the cashier/cook was flirting with my husband. We found it amusing more than anything but all and all it was good.
2 Woman at the counter wasn't the friendliest. Portion size is tiny and price way too high. Salad seemed limp and not that fresh. Got sick after eating their blackened fish. The "black" basically was charred god-knows-what that actually was very bitter and unpleasant to taste. AVOID
3.5 Meh. Yelps wants me to leave a longer review. But all I could think is "meh."  Heavy handed but not in a good way.  Over cooked. Over salted. Corn bread was gross. If you ask for a cup of tap water they give you a cup and tell you to go to the drinking fountain. I have an extra star because at least they have me a cup to use for water.
4 It was a waste of my money. Why make write more to close if i say what i really fill... they need to step up some of there foods.
4 This place was HORRIBLE....and that's no exaggeration. I got the salmon which was so charred u couldn't taste anything but char-the potatoes in the potato salad weren't cooked (super hard)-the greens were bland. My husband got the mixed PO boy, he said it was very little meat, bland, and some type of gooey mess inside that almost got him sick. We just couldn't believe the food was so nasty, so we asked the guy seated next to us if his food was ok, and he said it was AWFUL. This place has NO pride whatsoever on their food. Forgot to mention that the food was super expensive for what u get as well. All that money on super NASTY food makes u angry leaving there. They need to do better or shut it down.
3 I eat here for lunch often! Everyone who works here is really nice and the gumbo is delicious. I eat the seafood gumbo and crumble my cornbread in it. The cornbread is great too! Also tried the "gater gumbo" today, pretty good too.
4 found myself near the farmer's market and thought i'd give the gumbo pot a try.  i had a craving for a po' boy so i ordered the soft shelled crab po' boy.  it wasn't cheap (about $11) but it was quite good.  basically with an item like this it's all about the quality of the ingredients and proper execution.  the bread was nothing to write home about, but the crab was quality as was the sauce.  also, there was just enough lemon slices lettuce and tomato to accent the crab without overpowering it.  i would definitely try this place again.  based purely on the sandwich (i didn't have the gumbo or any other items on the menu) i would rate my experience somewhere between 3 and 4 stars.  since we can't give half-star ratings here i decided to be generous and opt for 4.
4.5 I've had the po' boy here and it was pretty good, but they gave me catfish instead of whatever else I ordered...it would have been better.  Also, the meat to bread ratio is not good.  Too much bread (and it's kind of dried out).
3.5 The real deal. I love this place.  The gumbo ya-ya is my favorite. Located in the old section of the Farmers Market Gumbo Pot still holds onto NOLA traditions, not giving in to SoCal style fusion cooking. Try a plate of crawdads or drunken shrimp! I don't care for the Po-boys but my friends say they are good. This is fast food style, order at a counter, hunt for a picnic table and eat off of styro plates with plastic sporks. If you want to enjoy a beer...look over your shoulder....see the bar across the court? Yea, you can order a cold one and drink it at the picnic table!!!!!!
4 Well lets see, I have been to Nawlins and the food there is unbeliveable. I have been to the Gumbo Pot and its good, it will satisfy my craving, as its closer to my house then Nawlins.  I usually get the jambalaya but recently they added crawdad etouffe and its not too bad, I got it the last two times I went. They also recently added hush puppies and about the only thing these are good for is playing golf. The beignets are no way close to Du Monde but it is still hot and greasy with a ton of powdered sugar and who doesnt love that? The muff is good to get if your gonna go catch a flick at the grove eat half and take half into the theater. I would have givin it three and a half stars but they get an additional half star by association of being in proximity of a BEER bar, and spicy food is better with beer!
4.5 Great Cajun food! A little pricey but situated in a touristy market so understandable. Mixed po boy w/oysters & shrimp was pretty good - big sandwich. Ya Ya Gumbo was fantastic & came w/cornbread! Prob best gumbo I've had. Not easy to find in the marketplace but walk around & you'll find it.
4 I can't get enough of this place!  I tried the seafood gumbo once but reverted back to the tried and true JAMBALAYA!  I'm always stuffed after a bowl and the sweet potato chips.  I don't care for the corn bread.  It's always pretty dry and seems to be a waste of stomach space.  I've also tried both types of potato salad but I didn't really care for them either.  The chips are the way to go!  And the jambalaya is the best you'll find in LA!
4 because I used to live in the fabulous new orleans I get so sad missing the crawfish there until I found the gumbo pot. The crawfish taste just like the ones there (except not as fresh but the seasoning is sooo good) Gumbo is not bad for LA.....
4.5 I always find it difficult to choose what place to hit at the farmer's market.  However, I was determined to try the gumbo that my mom raved about recently.  So, with a little difficulty I found The Gumbo Pot.  I had the gumbo ya-ya and my husband had the blackened catfish po-boy.  The service was friendly and the food was delicious.  The gumbo comes with corn bread and a side dish, I got the sweet potato fries (which were more like chips).  Yum!   This is not the BEST Cajun I've ever had, but I will go back again for more.
4.2 Great food and really responsive staff fixing a to-go order.  Nailed it!
4.2 The food here is okay, decent variety of menu choices, good selection of hot sauces. A bit overpriced but that is kinda expected if your visiting the Farmers Market. Staff wasn't the friendliest and the order took a little long.
1 I'm so irritated I don't know where to begin!!! Salmon was gross! Said it was cast iron and they meant flat grill. Tasted like it was tossed around in charcoal. Collard greens had tomatoes in it! Like dfuq??!!! Just bland! DO NOT come here if your looking for authentic N.O. Food. If your looking for blah food, then this is your place
1 Saw this little spot in the Farmers Market and thought I would try it out. I ordered the Cajun BBQ Meatloaf Po' boy sandwich, which was just a piece of average meatloaf with lettuce, mayo and a side of BBQ sauce on a sandwich bun. Bottom line, not impressed, but I did try the beignets which were pretty good...
3 Dreadful Gumbo.  It lacked flavor and was full of filler.  I wish I had decided on the small bowl.  After three bites I was done.  The red beans and rice is not worth the additional money as a side dish.  Obviously the cook doesn't know how to cook Cajun.Save you money and eat somewhere else.
1 First stop at the Farmer's Market for weekend brunch was The Gumbo Pot for gumbo ya ya. The Gumbo Pot took what should have been a rich, savory, delicious stew of chicken, shrimp, and andouille and turned it into a sad, bland, watery bowl with more bell pepper chunks than tasty meat bits. It says a lot that we didn't finish it. It appeared that they use a base of watery canned tomatoes b/c it had none of the complexity and depth that a roux- based gumbo should have. And spicy? They should remove that descriptor from the menu.
2 I ate here in Friday after my cousin told me I had to go here... And I was disappointed... My mom got the seafood gumbo and all that was in there were Bay Shrimp not one ounce of crab... I got the drunken shrimp which had no flavor the broth had flavor but the shrimp didn't) Plus it was so hot that I burned my mouth!!!  Maybe I came on a bad day who knows but I doubt I'll be goin back.... Tomatoes in my veggie greens???
2 for y'all complaining about the pricey-ness of the place, what do you expect?? it's southern food sold in l.a....in one of the most popular landmarks IN l.a. that's just a given it's not gonna be your typical $8 meal. and if you do find a cheaper place, it'll suck. just sayin. anyways...i've been to the place a few times before and i'm soooo glad to have found it! finding decent cajun food in l.a. is NOT easy and this place hits the spot! the beignets are a good mixture of greasy, doughy, sugary goodness dipped in honey. YUM!!!  i typically get the crawfish etouffee with greens here and although the etouffee is a tad on the soupy side, the spices and spicyness of it compensates for it.  the collard greens are so good you forget it's vegetarian and not cooked in the traditional pig fat with ham hock. i also love the cornbread!!!! it was flaky with a hint of sweetness and real corn it. I can't wait to come back and try something different!
4 Had to get my money back on the spoiled crab cakes. The red beans were cold. This place is disgusting not unique.
3 Eh. This is one very underwhelming place.  Collard greens very salty and watery, while their red beans & rice tasted like it had been reheated several times over the course of the last several days.  I've eaten here 3-4 times now, each time thinking I should've tried something else.  Well, anyway.
3 Very disappointing. Ordered Large Gumbo. Cornbread was buttery and pretty good. Gumbo on other hand, topped with heaps of rice, was bland and lacked serious flavors.  Collared green was whole another disaster. It's sad to say but it almost tasted and smelled like rotting vegetables. Was hoping to find authentic gumbo in LA but my search continues...
4 This is a great place to have lunch.  The Soft shell crab Po' Boy Sandwich is awesome.  Also try the Gumbo with the Corn bread.  Yum yum.
3.5 Wow...what a disappointment.  I ordered the blackened catfish po boy.  After my 3rd bite of 100% bun, I pealed back the top to see where my catfish was located.  To my complete surprise the sandwich maybe had 1-2 oz. of catfish and a very light smear of cajun mayo.  5% catfish, 5% cajun mayo and 90% dry bun.  I understand portion control, but come on!  To add insult, the sandwich with a side of gumbo and an iced tea was $15!!!  Way, way over priced for the amount of food I received.  Also, the guy behind the counter had the "I'm too cool to say hi" attitude that's way overdone in this town.  I will check back in a few years.
4 Excellent alligator filets but everything else is lacking.  It's a mediocure Cajun restaurant that needs some more quality to it than speedy service.  I would suggest at least a try, especially the alligator filets.
4 I've been coming here for years, and keep coming back .... My favorite dish is the drunken shrimp (ask for extra bread you'll need it) the best, and gumbo ya ya always good, then a beer at the bar opposite and you're set .... Brilliant!
3 Eh.  I had the gumbo and was not impressed.  It looked authentic, but the broth was tasteless except for the hint of tomato  (which should not form the basis of gumbo), the sausage bland and the side of cornbread just mediocre.  True, it's a gigantic portion, but you feel obligated to eat it, not excited to.  Won't be back.
4 Only ordered the beignets. Being from the south, you have to order a beignet when you get the chance. Brought back lots of fond memories. Just make sure you order them to go and eat immediately. They have to be in a paper bag, so you can mix them thoroughly with all of the powdered sugar. That's the key!
4.5 this place is inside the farmer's market at the grovenow, i loves me some cajun food, but this place blows..  we had the gumbo, jambalaya and shrimp poboy..  the jambalaya and poboy were horrendous..  the jambalaya had absolutely no flavor at all aside from the slices of sausages..  and the poboy isn't even close to what a poboy is supposed to be..  i'm not even sure if the bread they used can even be considered a baguette, but it was stale, dry and sent shockwaves to my brain when i bit into it..  again, no flavor on that one either..  the gumbo was not that great either, but better than the former two..  it was so so, which is still unacceptable for something like gumboto top it off, the staff really didn't seem like they wanted to be there at all..  they looked all rugged down and dreading their dayeat somewhere else at another stall, save yourselves the disappointment
3.5 the worst!!! Please if you love yourself don't eat here. They should be ashamed of themselves! The food had no taste (not New Orleans characteristic) the service was the worst, the young man and older gentlemen couldn't really care less (not a New Orleans characteristic). I was really looking forward to this spot, reading the menu and passing by a few times while I was at the farmers market for other things. I was SO DISAPPOINTED.
4 Food is ok, had the blackened snapper. It was spicy but s bit dry :)The review is mostly for the service. The young guy at the cash register was really obnoxious.
4.5 Jambalaya Shrimp was served in a healthy portion. The seasoning was all wrong; only peppers. With so many wonderful options in the 'Marketplace' I don't imagine I'll be back anytime soon.
4 I love jambalaya.  But, the jambalaya here was good but I expected better. They skimped on the sausage... and andouille is and always should be a big part of jambalaya. It was not spicy but then I am Indian and my spicy is off the charts spicy. There was chicken. Which was ok. The "killer cornbread" was cold and not killer at all. The creole potato salad was rather meh. The portion side is hearty so I was full.
4 Nothing like what we get in New Orleans, except maybe the price. A po' boy is normally stuffed with extras; mine had a few shreds of iceberg lettuce and a slice of tomato along with the sausage.  The andouille sausage was acceptable but too few extras with too much bread made for the most boring po' boy ever!  Beignets were meh. The side of collard greens, however, was pretty good. Overall not worth the$20 i wasted. Perhaps the owner can visit NOLA one day to experience firsthand what good cajun food is all about.
4.5 Pretty damn good. You can buy alligator there! LOL!My complaints include that their fish dishes provide you with a miniscule amount of fish. They probably use a lot of thigh meat in their chicken-dishes.
4.2 This place likes to sell itself as authentic Cajun cuisine. Well, if New Orleans was renowned for miserable customer service and crap food, this place would be the real deal.My girlfriend had the Gumbo Ya Ya and I had the Chicken & Shrimp Jambalaya..... very poor.... could have made it better from a packet myself. The food wasn't that cheap either. Won't be going back.
4.2 I got the gumbo ya ya....not very good but has potential. It was bland and not spicy at all.  After adding salt and a little hot sauce it was better, but I was very disappointed.  The salad dressing was just ok and the corn bread was super dry.  If your at the farmers market there are tons of other choices, don't waste your money here...unless you like non-spicy gumbo.
4 It's like Yelp is reading my mind. When I decided to write a Gumbo Pot review, I thought... "well, it's a-ok." GET OUT OF MY MIND, YELP.Mind reading aside, the food isn't horrible, but it's nothing to make a special trip to try. My boyfriend really digs the po' boys, but he's also a sucker for having very plain and simple food. And their po' boys are just that - pretty simple, lacking a ton of flavor (unless you get a blackened something or another, in which you'll get slammed with some spices burning your face off). There's a WHOLE LOTTA bread on those po' boys too, so come ready to get your gluten on.I really dug the beignets for a dessert while walking, because I can justify the thousands of calories those little balls of powdered chocolaty dough put on my hips knowing I'm burning maybe a tenth of the calories walking back to my house. If you're on the market for gumbo, I heard it sucked. By three separate tasters. Err on the side of "not wasting your money" caution.
3 The other week I devoured red beans and rice and greens with cornbread at The Gumbo pot!  I loved every minute of it.  My eyes watered and my nose ran the whole time, which happens most places I dine these days.  I had a better experience at The Gumbo Pot two weeks ago than I did some years ago.  Whatever dish I tried before contained pecans, to which I am highly allergic.  Bah!  Not so this time.  Yay!
3 I LUV this restaurant for its Jambalaya, Cornbread and the Chips. I tried the Gumbo Ya-ya, but it definitely can't beat my Jambalaya... and beware, they are always running OUT of the chips :'(, you know what that means, the Chip are just Too GOOD!!! They also have Alligator meat, which I haven't tried and no intention to try :), but you guys, the curious peeps, could give it a shot and let us know in Yelp how it taste k? :) It's in the back row of Farmers Market, so don't look around and search for it, just go to the very back where there usually a live band on weekends :)
3 OMG. The worst sesame ginger salad ever. Why is it even on the menu, and at a cajun place? And why did I order it?
4 this was the far worst i ever tasted zataran in the box beat this hands down,so sad a waste of food in the trash it went
3 Just came back from grabbing lunch there. I ordered the Seafood Gumbo and got a side of the Mustard Potato Salad.  It also came with cornbread. I dont know if this is "authentic" gumbo....meaning how they make it in Louisiana but it wasnt the type of gumbo I am used to. The taste was ok  as far as flavor and seasonings, but it just was chocked full of vegatables not to mention whenever i swallowed something hard was going down my throat too.  If this makes sense it was also more red than i was used to. All the gumbo I have had before the file was brownish and didnt taste soo tomatoey. The cornbread would have been good but it was cold. And i hate saying it like this but the potato salad was just plain nasty to me. I will try this place again and order some of this fish but not the gumbo again. The service was fairly quick for the lunch time crowd and the servers were very friendly.
5 Best of Southern cooking in LA. Highly recommend the the Gumbo-Ya Ya and the beignets for desert.
3 Had the seafood gumbo and the creole potato salad.....so, so good!  I highly recommend this place as the best place to eat at the Farmers Market.
1 Really bad customer service. They skipped my number and I was okay with that because it happens but when I asked when it would be done because it was obvious they skipped it the guy behind the counter said they would call me when it was done with a disgusting attitude. They didn't even start making it and it was a simple sandwhich. The shrimp and oyster sandwhich was not fulfilling. Would not go back.
2 I'm no expert on Creole cuisine, but I think this was pretty good.  And honestly for the touristy FM, it was a good value for what you got.  My girlfriend got the jambalaya and I got the gumbo ya ya.  The gumbo tasted a bit like dirt... and maybe it should have.  I liked her Jambalaya a bit more.  Just had more taste, and it certainly was spicy.  The lemonade was good too, but they only give you about 8oz which isn't enough considering the food is spicy.  Overall, not bad, but probably not something I'd go back for.
3.5 Came to the grove today to do some shopping and walking around, only to find a farmers market that was buzzing with energy. As you walk around you get a little taste of different parts of the world. All of the options make it a difficult but enjoyable decision to make when choosing where you want to eat. Finally, we stumbled towards to back of the farmers market where we found a Louisiana BBQ stand that had a long line of smiling customers. We made this our lunch spot " The Gumbo Pot." I enjoyed the ordering process because you are able to see straight into the kitchen where they are preparing all the food, this helps you gauge what you want to order. They weren't accepting credit card at the time which seemed a bit silly and the people behind the counter were less than happy about us not having cash. The food came out and each dish tasted very similiar to the next one. The flavors were somewhat bland and everything was served in styrphome. You can't be serving your customers piping hot food in bowls like that. The cornbread was luke, they made you go across the way to get water out of water-fountain. Not much more to say about this place. What a beautiful day though!
4 We used to come here years ago for the po' boys alone.  Just stopped by again recently, and the po' boys are still good (that's why they get even 2 stars)... but the service is definitely LACKING.  Greeting from the cashier taking our order was not "hi" or a "can i help you?", but a blank awkard stare.
4 I ate at this place yesterday with my wife and sister-in-law,  we travelled to hollywood because my wife had to do an audition and we decided to get something to eat afterwards.  As i was roaming the mall that the Gumbo Pot was in, i saw the place and thought it would be a good place to eat at.  The decor was fantastic, but the food was HORRIBLE,  I was a chef who use to work in a restaurant, so i know what i am talking about.  The food in this place has no soul, it taste like pre-packaged food that was heated up and served to us and its customers.   I have eaten at many soul food and creole restaurants and this place is one of the worse.  The owner was there sitting next to us and i knew she heard us talking.  I wanted to tell here that her preparers needed to do a better job with the food, but i decided not to.  I will NEVER eat at this place ANYMORE.  This place is one of the worst places that i have eaten at, and folks from N.O would be ashamed to eat there b/c the so-called creole food being served is  AWFUL.  I would not recommend the Gumbo Pot to any of my friends or my worst enemies  If they improve their food, i would consider going back.  My wife had the Jumbalaya, and my sister-in-law had the seafood something, i don't remember, but i know none of them were happy with the food that was served  I wanted to order the Jumbalaya, but when i saw what was in the bowl, i said HELL-No, not my type of food.  I ended up eating very little of both of theirs, and after we left i went to another restaurant and ordered some REAL FOOD.  I thought that by them being in that location and paying big money for the rent, the food would be on point, but IT WAS NOT.  If the keep on serving terrible food, i don't expect them to be open more that 1.5yrs b/c the place will start loosing money and will eventually close.  This place  seriously need the impossible Chef from that T.V show on food network to come and give a food make over.  SERIOUSLY.To the owner, if you read this, please improve your food and put the creole back into it, instead of having your food taste like frozen food bought from the supermaket  and heated up.  JMHO.
3 Tried the gumbo and jambalaya. Jambalaya was sub-par, did not have any spice/heat and was skimpy on meats.  Gumbo was even worse - bland and almost unpleasant to taste. Had an aftertaste of cigarettes, seriously. (Used too much celery?) There are definitely better eats at the Farmers Market, steer clear of this spot.
4 Stopped by for lunch and ordered the seafood gumbo and catfish poor boy.  Big mistake all around.  The catfish was sooo over done in the fryer and then there just three small pieces on an oversized roll.  Looked for the sauce and there was something smeared on the bottom (sooo little it was hard to identify it).  Simply ate the fish and left the bread.  The seafood gumbo was any thing but seafood.  It was a bunch of white rice with some sort of broth with vegetables (no protein could be identified, no 'spice' could be sensed).  The corn muffin was provided for entertainment as it was interesting how it literally bounced when dropped on the table - not edible.Having visited New Orleans over the years, it should be a sin to serve this stuff and call it Cajun.
4.5 I had the meatloaf Po Boy and my daughter had a soft shelled crab. The crab was very small - did not realize it was going to be so small. My meal was too spicy- yes I know it's Cajun but this was too much. Over priced for what we received. I always finish my meal but this was one occasion where I left some behind. Poor choice at the Farmers Market.
3.5 Went here to introduce my Argentinian friend to a piece of my culture through beignets and chicory coffee. Waited in a long line, when we arrived at the counter the worker seemed bothered. We were polite and asked if the tea was sweet tea, dry reply of 'no'. Then we asked how long it would take for an order of beignets to go, dry reply of ' they take 2-3 minutes to make'. Yes, may I ask however how long it would take today to get an order due to the line? Dry reply, 'I don't know, depends on when they put them in the fryer, depends on how many orders are before them'. Oh....ok. So we settle on getting coffee and we're told it's a $5 credit card minimum. We're done ..gotta go. There is no sign posted anywhere stating this and her attitude combined made me lose my appetite. Please learn how to put your feelings aside when facing customers. Also, offering to check with the cook who is 3 feet away from you to get an approximate time on an order is called service..top notch.
4 Food is stale, bitter and over priced. You get better customer service at a Starbucks.
4.5 I bought a piece of pecan pie and I thought I was going to get a freshly made piece of pie instead they pull out a cake cover that that two cold pies one on top of each other and wrapped all funny and one piece pre wrapped on its own. The person who takes it then tries to hide the fact that it's not fresh by turning his back to me and unwraps it and puts it in the microwave! I got served something that used to look like a decent piece of pecan pie. What a disappointment!!!!
4 it's not my first gumbo experience and won't be my last. if it's your first time try the gumbo yaya. thick spicy stew with all the seafood trimmings n sausage. I'm not a big fan of their potato salad but the side portion was hefty. i tasted alot of dill tangy potatoes which was a lil overwhelming.  but thats probably how ppl down south like it? i havent tried the oysters yet. hopefully when im up this way in a month ill have time to check them out.
4 great food! but too pricey for me considering the portions.
4.5 this is how i'd imagine creole/cajun food to taste like. i went there for mardi gras weekend and it had just had that vibe where i felt like i was in my own version of new orleans. got to taste some gumbo, red beans and rice. and they had beignets!!! that's what i really wanted to try. they are like a squared puffy fried donut with tons of powder sugar. it sure is messy but makes a great snack with coffee. i don't know anywhere else in l.a. that has beignets.and this place is super affordable! will be coming back when i'm back at the farmer's market.
3.9 I really wanted to love this place but we are still in like. I had the oyster poboy which was pretty good but there was too much bread and not enough oysters. So I would opt for just getting the fried oysters. I tried the seafood gumbo and it was just okay. There is so much good food at the market I probably will only be back if I have a jones for some Cajun .
4.2 I think this place is overrated.  I was pretty excited to try this restaurant after reading yelp reviews and also after I found out it was in the middle of the farmer's market at the Grove. But alas, my experience was forgettable.  My friend and I ordered the fried alligator and the jambalaya with the sweet potato salad  and some beignets for dessert.  My favorite part of the meal were the beignets because...how can someone honestly mess this dessert up?  The alligator was nothing special in my opinion although my friend really enjoyed it.  I don't blame the restaurant for the lack of juices and flavor in the alligator, I blame the alligator.  It tasted like dry chicken but I guess the novelty of the dish was enough for my friend to buy it.  The jambalaya was OK.  I've definitely had better at other restaurants and so I was disappointed since this is supposedly the IT spot for some creole grubbing.  The sweet potato salad was not very tasty either.  It lacked seasoning and just tasted like newly peeled sweet potato without the "sweet."  I may have not chosen the best Gumbo Pot has to offer, but if you decide to go heed my advice.
3 Great food. Perfect for a first date adventure in the summer or springtime. Located right in the center of the farmers market at the Grove.
2 This is a good place tucked away in the Farmers Market here by the Grove.  The food was filling and I really enjoyed it, not much else to say.  I'll be back next time I'm around to get beignets.
5 It's ok... I am not really into the whole new orleans taste... so I guess it's just ok... the food taste bland and whatever. I had a seafood platter which was fried shrimp, oyster, and catfish. The portion was small and it was just whatever blah... I have had much better better fried platter stuff than this...
1 Catfish, gumbo, po boys...oh joy!!! I like this place and I really like the breakfast when I get here early enough, yeah parking can be bad at times and crowded with snobby people sometimes but hey it tastes pretty good.
3 Farmer's Market gem. I'm not an expert on Southern food... I thought I could only get it at Disneyland but I was so happy to find Gumbo Pot. Bomb.com gumbo and jambalaya.. only wish the cornbread was less crumbly. Also I wish they had sourdough bread bowls. Other than that, good value for your money, and lots of authentic flavor.
1 got the seafood gumbo combo. It comes with corn bread and a side salad. There are options of other salads, they even have potato salad as an option. I shared a large gumbo with a friend. Portions are fair. There was barely any seafood in the gumbo though, it was mostly vegetables. It was more soupy than it stew based. The potato salad was eh, it was bland and it was too much mayo. The corn bread was good though, I usually don't like corn bread but it was mixed in with other ingredients making it more like multigrain bread. If you must eat here, just stick with the soup. Even though the gumbo was a bit soupy, it was still rather flavorful.
3 What happened!??? The food was just bland. The hush puppies were so dense the outside was hard and bland. I used to love the cornbread but it just looks like no love or even effort was put into the food. The fried oysters were ok but it was more batter than oyster. Potato salad could use salt...maybe add in some onions or something for another level of flavor and texture. Very very disappointed. And the price is tooooo high for what we got.
3 Went with a friend on my birthday.  Been a few times before, once on Mardi Gras: that was a good time!  Anyway, Ordered an oyster Po Boy and got a beer from the nearby bar.  We ate on the quaint patio, caught some basketball on the bar's flatscreen, and people watched.  Not a bad birthday ouverture. (Next up was "Robin Hood" at the Grove.)Having a solid Creole pedigree myself, I can tell you I've had better Po Boys.  If the place wasn't in the nostalgic Farmer's Market I would probably would've given it 2 stars.  Oyster Po Boy was really bready. At least the bread was good. The beignets are OK, but nothing like Cafe Du Monde.
3 This is my 2nd visit here and I love it! The workers are always nice and the food is great. I ordered the jambalaya and sweet potato chips and it was so awesome. First bite was heavenly and it was an explosion of flavors. Sooooo good! I highly recommend this place to anyone who loves good southern food and happens to be in the LA county :D
3 And two stars is being generous. Service was horrible the salad was really bad and the blackened catfish lacked flavor. The cornbread was cold and burnt around the edges. I know good Southern Louisiana style Creole cuisine and this is far from it
4.2 Ordered the large bowl of seafood gumbo, seafood consisted of approx. 6 mini shrimp, should be called "Soup". Not bad for canned soup!
3.7 have never been to New Orleans so I do not know what real authentic Cajun food taste like. I had the Gumbo Ya-Ya and it was pretty good. If I go next time I will ask for a little more rice and a little less stew (excuse me for using the word stew if it is incorrect). The Gumbo had a lot of sausage in it. It comes with killer cornbread and a choice of side which I chose sweet potato salad. I didn't care too much for the cornbread and the sweet potato salad. It was a very good deal.
4 This was one of my favorite eateries when I worked in this area of L.A.  I think my favorite item is the jambalaya.  The cornbread that comes with it is pretty good as well.  I've tried a number of the sides, and enjoy the sweet potato chips and the salad.  Also, if you order the beignets, eat them ASAP! They are excellent with the chicory coffee.
3 Usually a long wait but, in my opinion, worth it. Good food and lots of choices. I keep it simple with oyster/shrimp po'boy and red beans & rice.
4 One of my favorite cities to visit in the US is New Orleans.  Love fried catfish and all that stuff by the bayou. I like to eat here sometimes when I find myself hungry at The Grove. It's not the best food. It's okay. The stuff in Louisiana is much better of course but this can pass. Their Gumbo Ya Ya is good. I love andoullie sausage! You can try fried alligator here. It has a taste somewhere between that of fish and chicken, in my opinion. They also have beignets and chocolate covered beignets. Last time I tried them there, they were undercooked.
4.5 Checked in here once a while back when I went to eat dinner at the Farmer's Market at the Grove.  Liked it because I wanted to try something new, but since I can't remember what came with my meal aside from the jumbalaya +corn bread, it musta not been thaaat great.
3.5 Okay, so my girl and I are not very picky eaters. I'm kinda like Mikey... I'll eat anything. However, this place really tested that. I got the soft she'll crab Po' Boy and she got the alligator. I've had soft sell crab before and really liked it, but this sandwich was terrible. I was starving, so actually removed the awful crab and just ate the bread. Truly a disappointment. Sadly, the alligator was no better. We asked if the meat was fishy being as we'd never had gator before, and they said it wasn't. Well, they didn't lie. It was far from fishy. As a matter of fact, the only flavor it did have was cooking oil. These things are deep fried, so I can understand it having some oil flavor, but come on, that's all I tasted. It was like biting into a paper towel soaked in oil. If I were you, I'd probably look somewhere else for your dining choices. There are plenty of other places around that I'm sure are better.
4 Another little gem in the Farmer's Market. Much like Singapore's Banana Leaf, I'd be lying if I said I was terribly well-versed in cajun cuisine, but I love this place. From what I can tell from people who grew up on similar cooking, it seems to hold up pretty well. Everything I've tried here has been somewhere between good and excellent. My favorite is the blackened salmon po boy. The snaper rendition of the sandwich is quite good too, but to my palette the salmon holds up a tad bit better to both the blackening and the other items piled onto the wonderfully fluffy bread. Another nice thing about Gumbo Pot is that their menu is a little more friendly to vegetarians and pescatarians than one might expect from a cajun place.
4.5 The Farmers Market is a fantastic spot and The Gumbo Pot is a shining example of what makes this culinary stomping ground of one the finest places to wet your whistle in Los Angeles._C$
4 I like the Gumbo Pot , it's one of the most solid eateries at the Farmer's Market. The poor boy's are good but not as good as Cajun Pacific's in the outer sunset in S.F. If you like people watching the Farmer's Market combined with a little bit of G.P. soul - will do your eyes and belly good.
4 have been going to the Farmers market for many years now. For lunch. For drinks. For meat. For produce. For karaoke.And yet, although I have seen it, read the menu, been enticed by the promise of Po' Boy sandwiches and Beignets I have never eaten food from The Gumbo Pot.Turns out. For good reason.Service? Slow and arrogant and not very helpful. Even though there was no one behind me (It was a slow time) the woman taking my order still looked behind me as though she had other orders to take. I admit, I didn't know what I wanted but that only resulted in me saying, "What's the most popular item you sell?"It's the Ya-ya Gumbo. A watery, salty distillation of uninteresting flavors. With Rice. I've often found that New Orleans cuisine seems to have been designed for the toothless, and this is right in line with that philosophy but that doesn't explain the Creole Mustard Potato Salad having almost no flavor save for the slightest hint of spice at the tail end of each bite. The beignets? Eh. Over fried, I would say. I have had better Zappolis.There are so many better places to eat at the Farmers Market. Well, one or two. The Gumbo Pot is not one of them.
4.5 Eh, middle of the road Farmer's Market fare...  It's got decent New Orleans style Cajun food.  It isn't that terribly good or authentic.  But it will work if you're hanging out at the Grove.  I wouldn't rush to eat here or anything, but I have had decent gumbo and jambalaya here when I was shopping at the Farmer's Market.  Worth checking out, but not worth going out of your way for.  I've eaten the food on Bourbon Street during Mardi Gras...so I know good authentic Cajun food...trust me!
4.2 unbelievably long wait for bleh food.[ blackened snapper po boy ]think of a massive forearm sized roll served with wilted lettuce + herb mayo ?? + a tiny tiny tiny bit of snapper. the snapper wasn't bad, but i was just getting mouthfuls of bread. not impressed AT ALL.[ jambalaya + gumbo ]i put them together because they basically taste EXACTLY THE SAME: campbell's processed ass tomato soup ugh with rice, veggies, and a miniscule amount of seafood. the jambalaya is a drier version of the gumbo and let's just say that boxed zatarain's jambalaya mix tastes better than this crap. we just went to uncle darrow's last week and their food is more " authentic " or whatever . . . and expensive . . . but worth it to try once or twice especially if you like seafood.[ cornbread ]DRY. really dry. crumbly dry. barfff dry.i MIGHT come back to try the alligator + beignets but other than that, i give the gumbo pot a big BARFFFFF. yup, that's 5 F's.
4.2 The gumbo pot is tasty.  I had their gumbo ya ya, the pecan salad, fried okra, corn bread, and oyster on a 1/2 shell.  Although I like my gumbo with lots of seafood inside, the gumbo ya ya was very rich and tasty.  It had andouille sausage, chicken, and shrimp inside.  I like my gumbo with a fair amount of seafood and meat so I was searching for more protein.  The okra was crispy and good.  The corn bread was moist and tasty.  The pecan salad was creamy yet light.  The oyster on a 1/2 shell tasted fresh considering it was only $0.99/oyster.  Some of the oysters were bigger than others.  The quality of the oysters was not as good as some of the oysters I have had in New Orleans and SF.   I would go back here since there aren't too many Creole/Cajun restaurants in the area.
2 Beignets, yum. Beignets with chicory (sp?) coffee... double yum! We also had the soft shell crab po' boy which was delicious. Definitely wanna see what else they have on the menu!
5 Their shrimp po boy is so big!  Good for sharing, I love that it has thin lemon slices in the sammich, so refreshing.
1 The gumbo here is good duh I would hope so! Beignets are not bad either although the portions are too big. They should sell per piece. We had to throw half of them away :(
5 I love Farmer's Market.  Been coming here for 40+ years.  The Gumbo Pot is my usual haunt for some grub and then grab a brew just a few feet away.  After my meal I typically order the biegnets for a treat!
3 We come to the FM several times a year and this is my place to eat.  I've always ordered the Gumbo YaYa and sometimes a side of their spicy collard greens and fried okra if I'm real hungry or somebody wants to split it with me because it's a lot of food and you could almost feed two.My kids aren't in to the spicy foods so they go elsewhere, but always want me to go back through the line and get them some fresh, hot beignets for dessert.  Oh so good!
3 I an a big fan of gumbos so I gave Gumbo Pot a try.  Wow.. I am so glad I did! I love their gumbo yaya and chocolate beignets! The side order of mustard potato salad and corn bread is a must! It's a bit on the pricey side but for the oversized portions you get, it's worth it.
1 The Gumbo Pot is one of my favorite offerings at the Farmer's Market, but not for their food...or at least not most of it.  Go for the beignets.  That's it.  Nothing more.  Nothing less.  The food is unexceptional, but for fresh beignets with more powdered sugar than anyone should eat (don't inhale), this is a great spot.  True, some days are better than others.  And sometimes they run out of batter.  But when I'm craving beignets and can't fly to New Orleans for Cafe du Monde, this is the spot.  (I recommend getting your coffee at a certain mega chain around the corner while you're waiting for the beignets to cook too.)
1 oyster po boy and jambalaya!  Could use a little more oyster but very good.
4 Yum yum yum the gumbo is delicious with tons of flavor. Go get a bowl.
1 I think that I had low expectations, after all I was in a food court environment but the seafood gumbo even though a little skimpy on seafood had great depth of flavor and a surprisingly authentic experience. The corn muffin was especially good with visible chunks of corn and peppers throughout. The portion was generous too. I'd say the best value in the market. Delish.
3.5 Order the shrimp plate and the shrimp are the smallest i ever seen! Almost a joke of a size for $11.25.. The jambalaya had a couple of sausage in it. Nothing but a tourist trap! Only thing i liked about this place is the cornbread sadly. There are MANY other good seafood places close to here which are way better! Would i eat here again? No!
4 This place is UNBELIEVABLY Amazing. The Po' Boys are wonderful, so are the Seafood Salads.  This should receive 8 stars.  Makes me wish I was in Lousiana!! : )
4 This is my first time trying their gator gumbo. It was horrible and had very little meat in it. I could do a better gumbo than that. The Beignets on the other hand we're pretty good. I might give them another try and dine-in instead of getting my food to go.
3 This place sucks a$$. I don't know what idiots actually think this is good or decent food. Tastes like cafeteria food. Another reason why you can't trust yelp. Moron's leaving a good review on a place that happens to be one of the worst meals I had in a long time. I ordered the "seafood" gumbo. Not ONE piece of crab. There were maybe 8 or 9 bay shrimp.Oh and don't get me started on the Po Boy. $11 for 3 bay shrimp and 2 oysters...... The bread tastes like wonder bread that was thick cut and shaped like a roll. Hey Gumbo pot, how about you spring $1.00 and go get a french broad loaf from Ralphs across the street........ Shame on you for charging what you charge and serving what you serve. You've been warned and for all you who put 5stars..... You guys don't get the way this is supposed to work.....
4 Dude, this place is good. The jambalaya & gumbo have enough kick to make them spicy, but not take away from the flavor. Choosing the sides is tough because they're all so different. I've had the sweet potato chips, yet I like the mustard potato salad. If you have enough of an appetite left, get an order of beignets...it's a New Orleans favorite. Tucked away in the back of the original Farmer's Market, it's a must visit.
4.5 Very good food and really nice people as well. The only reason I can't give five stars is because the collared greens were way too hot the day I ate there. I'm a fan of spicy foods, but these were just inedible to me. Every bite seemed to burn more than the last. Their jambalaya was perfect though! This is probably one of the tastiest restaurants in all of Farmers Market.
3.5 I've been going here for years, and surprisingly, both of their gumbo offerings are the last thing I'd recommend anyone ordering.  I want to love it because it's not horrible in anyway, just unremarkable.  Both gumbos are mostly a mild concoction of rice, broth, spices & meat that on a cold day will hit the spot, but you'll kinda forget about after eating it. With that being said, there's a lot of other great food on the menu.  I heartily endorse their jambalaya - spicy rice with a rich tomato based sauce, chicken, and adouille sausage and of course an after meal order of beignets with coffee. The thing that made me finally write a review of the Gumbo Pot was I finally tried something I normally don't order on their menu - the po'boy sandwiches. The bf ordered a blackened chicken po'boy and I at the last minute switched from my usual jambalaya to an oyster po'boy with a side of gumbo.  Now I normally never eat po'boys and don't have anything to reference it with, but I gotta tell you, it hit the spot.  I knew it was gonna be good when I spied one of the cooks hand shucking oysters from their shell and not defrosting them from a processed packaged box.  Soft and chewy french bread with breaded and deep fried oysters it was simply prepared with just tomato and lettuce and a very thinly sliced piece of lemon.  That little detail of adding the lemon really finished off the sandwich and made it a very complete taste experience - simple, refreshing, and while not alot oysters to make it a full meal, it makes for an overall good snack.  My bf had ordered the blackened chicken and I managed to sneak a piece before he inhaled it.  Putting that small piece in my mouth, my eyes widened at the amazingly good blackening spice.  I asked him if he liked it and he did, but wished that there was more chicken in the sandwich. So now that I've tried something other than my favorite, Gumbo Pot's menu has expanded in my eyes and I'm gonna have to go back and try their other offerings (and if I ever manage to wake up early enough to try their breakfast options on the weekend.)  I'm thinking the blackened chicken entree is next followed by one of their seafood entrees.  My mouth's kinda drooling in anticipation now.
4 Soft shell crabs...not so good.  Collard greens were surprisingly decent.  Rice and beans were just ok.  Cornbread?  You've got to be kidding me.  It would be better served as a hockey puck.  With so many great places to try at the farmer's market, I can't see us going back here.
4.5 I ordered the Jambalaya, which comes with cornbread muffin, and one side, which i chose the sweet potato chips.   The jambalaya had a good portion of sausages and the chicken pieces were quite large.  It was a bit too saucy for me and could have used more rice but the spice level was on the mild side.  The cornbread was very dry and crumbled when you bit into it.  The chips were dry, not fresh and not satisfying at all, skip them and get a salad!  I also had 2 raw oysters which was ok, with the salsa like hot sauce.  I usually create my own jambalaya, so I'll go back to that when i have a craving for it.  They also have other types of seafood which may be worth a try tho.
4 I just love the Farmer's Market!  It's a great place to go and enjoy a casual, no-stress meal.  Went with my friend who had never been before, and chose The Gumbo Pot.  I really enjoyed my meatloaf sandwich; he seemed to like his chicken okay, but mentioned it to be dry.  Huge sandwiches, and my meatloaf came with extra sauce--nice and spicy.  Meatloaf, when done well, can be a yummy treat.  I am also rating this based on past experiences with their beignets and gumbo.  I will be back.
4 When here when visiting LA and let me say I am not impressed. I ordered the Gumbo and my bf ordered the etouffee. The Gumbo was edible even though it lacked the flavor of gumbo, but the etoufee was not even edible. yuck
4.5 The crawfish pie is very good and the creole mustard potato salad is outstanding.
3.9 2 of us shared  the catfish empanadas and the gumbo ya ya  with chicken and sausage. Both were good and perfect for a cold Sunday in LA!
4.2 I wished I read these reviews before buying this crap. Totally sucked.  Purchased three bowl of gumbo and upgraded side to jambalaya and we were not impressed.  The corn bread very very dry.  Im telling you the truth we threw all three bowls in the trash.  There are very good places around this place go there.  If God is my witness the gumbo stinks.  Out of the three bowls we never found a piece of crab.  The potato salad sucks.  I just left this dive.  Dt.
5 I gave it 2 stars because the only thing that was good here was the oysters. The alligator was beyond over-fried, just imagine chicken jerky, but drier. Nothin like my first experience with alligator in Texas. The greens were far from "down home". They tasted like they were sautéed and wilted with a lot of the stems still in there. The potato salad is awful. They cornbread was dry and bland. My God! All i can say is, if you love oysters or think Lady Luck is on your side when it comes to food choices, go here. Otherwise, no.
4 I had heard about the farmers market and some stalls looked really good. Then i came across the Gumbo Pot and thought I would try southern food out. All the dishes looked authentic and smelled good so i gave it a try. I ordered the Blacken Catfish Salad with their house dressing and it was really good!!! The salad was fresh and crisp with not a wilted piece to be found. The catfish on top was small in comparison to the salad, but the fish was tasty, juicy, and not dried out like other places. The fish was a bit spicy and a little burnt but that had to do with the title and the spices on top which was amazing. I think what made it great was the dressing. It was light, flavorful, and tasted great with the fish. The area is not the most upscale because it was a farmers market but in that sort of setting I focus more on the quality of the food rather than area. I took off points because the corn bread wasn't my favorite but I'm extremely picky when it comes to corn bread. The service was what i expected but they were overall pleasant and informative. Food: 5/5Area: 3/5Service: 3.5/5
3 Food tastes like cafeteria food.  Cajun food should be literally infused with flavor and spice and this place is far from.  Prices aren't the friendliest, but so is every other joint in the Farmer's market.  I get Farmer's Market is a tourist spot hence the prices, but why is EVERY joint in the place so damn mediocre?!?
4 They had no signs of 5 dollars minimum credit card anywhere.. I had no cash on me and had to wait in line for a coffee I wanted to try and couldn't get.  Plus that lady at the counter had a temper
4 So sad they no longer serve breakfast. Their eggs creole and potatoes was the tastiest breakfast in Los Angeles. Can still get beignets and chicory coffee.
4 This was an absolutely awful experience, from beginning to end. Food was atrocious, service was excruciatingly slow and rude. Save your money and time, avoid the place
5 I ordered the fried chicken salad and i was really disappointed. Fried chicken was soggy and very bland. The corn bread that it came with was too dry and broke apart very easily. Needless to say, I did not finish either items. Won't be coming back here again. I really wanted to like this restaurant but nope.
1 the worst poor boy ever...old bread, brown old lettuce, overcooked shrimp and oysters, the worst hush puppies...smalk dry an burnt, so many other choices at The Farmers Market...never again.
2 very decent place to enjoy a nice gumbo ya ya. Price is moderate and you get alot of food. I only thing I don't like is they serve sodas in a can and no refill, which is very bad for people like me who's always very thirsty.
5 I can't handle a lot of spiciness in my food but I opted to try the seafood jambalaya anyway, and it was DELICIOUS.  The cornbread was a little dry and that's the only reason this place doesn't get 5 stars.  The lemonade is a must.
4.2 PERFECT for a cold day in LA.  Um, just kidding. No. Perfect for any day.Jampacked with flavor -- I am a fan of the jambalaya with chicken, the beignets and the oyster po'boys.  Mmmmmouthwateringgoodness.
3.7 Great Cajun food! The seafood platter was amazingly good! The fries that come with the meal are amazing! Even the red beans and rice are amazing. Definitely worth the prices! It's great that it's located in The Grove's Farmers Market because it really makes it quite nice for an atmosphere.
4 Words cannot express how happy I am when I am on my way to The Grove, because chances are, I'll end up eating a fried catfish poboy, some gumbo, and cornbread from this awesome divey take out stand. Its always hot, spicy, and delicious. Writing this review makes me want it right now. If you go to the Grove today, make a stop at the Gumbo Pot! Yum!
3 I love this place.  Love Love LOVE this place.  It's rare around here that you'll find a good Cajun.  I've been coming here ever since I've lived in LA, about four years now.I mostly get the Crawfish Etouffee which is amazing.  Perfect amount of spice and bursting with flavor.  The cornbread is great.  I also mostly get the sweet potato salad which is really good.I've also had the gumbo and jambalaya which both have been great.  I also love that they have Cafe Du Monde beignets.  They are almost as good as Du Monde's hot ones I had sitting in the French Quarter.  I've always wanted to try the alligator and the peach cobbler but I try to restrain myself and I can't get away from the Etouffee.It's always fast, good portions, good prices, and the same people have been working there for years.  I LOVE this place.  Really I do.
4 Located in the Original Farmers Market, I was very excited to find a place with Southern Cuisine.  Having missed the opportunity a few other times, I had to finally try alligator.   And yes, they did taste like chicken, just a little more tough in texture but more juicy.  The cornbread was OK but their potato salad was excellent as it had a real kick to it.  The food took a pretty long time to make and a lot of hungry people were waiting a while for their orders. However, in the end, it was worth the wait.  I'll be coming back for sure and try their spicy Gumbo Ya Ya next time!
4.5 I love Cajun/Creole food, and when I read all the raves about this place, I wanted to try it. Unfortunately, it said it was voted the BEST GUMBO in town, but really...who was voting because it was the worst GUMBO and potato salad EVER!!! the cornbread wasn't even that great either...my boyfriend ordered red beans and rice with collard greens with fried shrimp...it was gross all together and I wish we had chosen to eat somewhere else in the Farmers Market then there...i felt really bad, just because my boyfriend agreed to eat there and he's a picky eater...Sorry love...anyway...don't recommend...mayb they were on their game that night but it sucked...I had better gumbo from a food truck "Louisiana Territory" AND it was way cheaper...
3.5 THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE HOLLYWOOD/HIGHLAND LOCATION WHICH IS NOW CLOSED AS OF JANUARY 2013.Just ate there.  Ordered the fried alligator tail and chose collard greens as my side.  comes with a cornbread muffin.  My lunch partner had the blackened chicken salad, dressing on the side.  The alligator was chewy and low on flavor; is this how it's supposed to be?  I've never had it before.  The collard greens were the high point: cooked with tomato and onion, they were a little salty but delicious and not bitter at all.The chicken on the salad was bone dry but the salad itself was fresh, crispy and delicious.Over ten dollars each for lunch.Overall?  don't think I'll be going back.UPDATE on 02/03/2012 - Okay, I have been back a few times since I work right next to this place.  Stick to the Gumbo Ya Ya and you're gold!  I give them an extra star due to having some good stuff on the menu.There is no wi-fi available at this restaurant.
4 This is honestly the first time I've tried Creole, but thanks the Lord I found it! (I once, was lost... but now... you get the point LOL!) Crawfish pies are amazing! Gumbo's deeelish - just enough spice to not overwhelm the palate... Red beans and rice could have more flavor though; when I go down to SoCal again, I'd definitely hit this spot up
4.5 So I randomly walked into this place cuz I wanted a quick meal...I had a jambalaya bowl and it was okay not the best... I had to add a lot of rooster sauce to get it kicking... I had better jambalaya at Dillon an Irish pub on Hollywood and vine who would have thought... I also had a side of corn bread and boy that was the driest cornbread I have ever had... Like seriously dry I took a bite and did not want to take another....stay away from corn bread as a matter of fact i wad suppose to come back for breadpudding not a chance.... House of blues now they know how to make some good cornbread...will i be back probably not...
4 Pretty sad, really. I'm not a huge fan of Cajun/Creole food, but I do like it from time to time. What a horrible attempt. I realize that there must be challenges recreating authentic Cajun food in C.A. but come on!: try a bit harder. I had a shrimp po' boy: terrible bread (soggy with no flavor), which is the most important part of a po' boy;and the few small shrimp that they shoved in front of me were lined end-to-end. Also tried the beignets, as I figure those must be impossible to ruin...and I'm sure they are if you cook them all the way. They were doughy in the middle. There are a few other places around town that do Cajun/Creole. Don't waste your time with this place.
4 Down right awful! Had their Gumbo Yaya, which barely had any of the ingredients it was supposed to have in there. Seemed like I got the bottom of the pot! As far as taste goes, it was way too spicy so by the 3rd spoon full all I tasted was hot spices, no other flavor to speak of. The collard greens were still bitter, and they too had a lot of spice to them. Don't get me wrong, I like spicy food, but this was way over the top to be tasty. The corn bread was way too sweet, tasted more like corn cake than bread. Overall, very disappointing to say the least. Should have gone to the Brazilian place and follow my gut feeling... what the hell was I thinking?
4.5 I really wanted to like this place, but the food was rather flavorless (with the exception of the fried pickles, which were awesome!). The gumbo and étouffée needed a lot of salt and hot sauce to taste alright. The plus side is they have many vegetarian options and the service was great. I would eat here again to give it another chance, as the delicious side orders suggest that there remains great potential for some of the other entrees.
4.2 Me and a friend were going to the El Capitan for a movie and we were hungry, so after a couple failed attempts with other restaurants we saw this place and since my friend is a gumbo fan he wanted to try it. He doesn't like okra and all the gumbo had okra in them so he decided on the jambalaya. He said it was good but it looked very generic. He had collars greens and cornbread as well, the greens were ok but the cornbread was cold, and I don't mean room temperature, it was like get just took it out of the fridge and put it on the tray.I ordered the mixed Po Boy which had fried shrimp and oysters with lettuce and I believe a romaulade sauce. The shrimp and oysters were fried and seasoned well but I basically was eating a lettuce sandwich with shrimp and oysters. There was so few of them on there they should probably rename it. I have a feeling we'll be back there again because he wants to try something else and I am willing to give it another try but upon the first impression, I was not that impressed. We'll see how I feel on the next visit.
4.2 Gumbo is ok but safeway's gumbo is better. Corn bread to dry and sweet potatoes are too thin and over fried.
1 Muy rico. I always get  the oyster po' boy or just the fried oyster plate. Always excellent. Potato salad is tangy and delicious. The gumbo's very good too! One day I'll get the courage to try alligator tail!
2 I love the gumbo pot, this is the best food in the grove.  I always go here and then hit bobs for donuts.
4 Since I was nearby the Farmers Market, I stopped by the Gumbo Pot to get some beignets.  I ordered beignets and seafood gumbo. They tasted really good for LA. I still miss easting beignets at Cafe Du Monde in New Orleans. But, it will suffice until I visit New Orleans.Ambiance - 1.0Service - N/AFood - 3.0
2 Being a California girl I know nothing of good ol' southern creole cooking, but I do know my taste buds tell me this place is pretty darn good.  Ordered the Jambalaya plate w/ the sweet potato chips on a freezing cold winter night out w/ the bestie & the bowl was steaming hot from start to finish.  Not mushy, not dry, just right.  I haven't tried anything else & based on some of these reviews I'm kinda glad I haven't.  I stick to what's tried & true.
1 I happened upon this place a few weeks back, and since then I have already been there 3-4 times.  So far I've had the gumbo, jambalaya, catfish, and etouffee (spelling?) - and I have loved every dish.I think the fact that I love going to that farmer's market helps boost their points, but even without all that, I still think they have really good food.I'm still trying to find a side dish that I like (I've tried the sweet potato chips, jicama salad, and coleslaw)  but I haven't found anything that hits the spot.  But their main dishes are so good, it doesn't bother me that I haven't found a side dish that suits me yet.  4-star all the way!
3 They are generous with their portions and it filled me up. The gumbo tastes like my grandma's gumbo. A-OK.
4 I am only rating this place based on my trial of their beignets. I first tried beignets at Cafe Du Monde in New Orleans. Those beignets were light and tasted like nothing I had ever had before. At The Gumbo Pot, the beignets were heavy, and the only flavor came from the powdered sugar and the oil they were fried in, nothing else. I do not recommend this place if you are looking to eat delicious beignets.
4 First time there. Went for Mardi Gras yesterday. Huge waste of money! The worst is they took advantage of their being real busy by selling me a bowl of rice w/1 small piece of chicken and two tiny shrimp for $11, when they were really out of gumbo! Bad food,  bad business.
1 The oyster po boy was good but I felt that they really skimped on the oysters.  When I hear that they have put the proper amount in their po boys, I will try again.
5 My favorite place for Gumbo in La.  Try the Seafood Gumbo with mustard potato salad on the side!
3.5 Reasonable prices. The food was decent, slightly lacking in flavor. I got the Gumbo with a side of jambalaya. However, the corn bread was AMAYYYYYZING!
4 I actually love their food but sometimes, the people behind the counter are very unfriendly and rude. The woman taking my order made exasperated noises at least three times during our less than 2 minute interaction and never smiled once! Just not nice customer service. :0/ Veggie rice and beans rock though!
4 Seafood gumbo was a disappointment and overrated but the greens and cornbread were good. I'll give it one more try because I want to still try the blackened catfish. My family is from Louisiana so it could be im super picky but we will see if the next visit changes the rating or not.
3 I haven't found food quite like this in LA. It's nice to take a break from the pretentiousness of the Grove and eat some home style food. I had the alligator tail meal and it was prepared really well (though would have liked a larger portion of meat). The étouffée was spicy and delicious! Their meals come with sides of cornbread and veggies which were also pretty tasty.
4 The worst "gumbo" I have ever had. It was vegetable soup with a a few small shrimp mixed in. There were at least 2 full stalks of celery on the one bowl I had. Campbells Chunky Soup Gumbo is a vast improvement over this.
4.5 LOVE THIS PLACE! They sell classic Cajun food that is delicious! Been coming here for a few years now, and it never disappoints.
3.5 The food is coo a lil expensive for this price I would expect way more food. Could be seasoned a lil better when it comes to the meat and seafood. The sides are great. But most importantly the customer service is horrible. Every time I come hear the cashiers la k customer service. And I haven't been here for months might I add and it still sucks. Every cashier that I've had when coming here all looks angry like there not getting paid enough and there very short with you and rush you at the same time. If I say hi how are you and would be polite of you to ask me how I'm doing instead of just fine then ask me what I want. Now I remember why I haven't been here in a long time and I won't be returning. By the way there alligator is over cooked and rubbery, not supposed to be like that. This is closer to my home and I would rather drive the the way to redondo beach to the cajun restaurant there because they give you a lot of food for your money and the Customer service is extremely better. Maybe your cashiers should go there and take notes on how to treat your customers. Not returning ever
4 I really love the crawfish and the oyster po' boys.  They do such a great job.  Oh yes, the gumbo is the BEST.  I love this restaurant. Good job! Do you cater?
4.5 Get yourself a po-boy and hang out in the "courtyard" for a spell. Their po-boys really are pretty good and reasonably-priced too. What the heck do you want from a Farmers Market place that shuts down via metal roll-down door every night? Good quality seafood in the po-boys and very good fries. That's all I care about, frankly.
4 Gumbo Pot has been around for quite a while at the Farmer's Market.  The food is still good (I'd say authentic too, although I am not from Cajun country).  Their jambalaya is definitely good, but as others have also said, they are light in the protein department in this dish (sausage, shrimp and chicken are kinda hard to find).  Great sweet potato slaw and good corn bread too.  If you're feeling like a total pig try the beignets (regular of chocolate) - very yummy when nice and hot.
4 Went here on a saturday and did not enjoy the food at all.. This was disappointing.. If you're looking for good cajun food try Five0Four in Hollywood.
4.5 My husband and I got food poisoning here!!!! Ordered the appetizer platter with shrimp and crawfish, which was not very good at all.  The shrimp was tasteless and the crawfish had barely any meat inside.  I've had good creole food before and this place is honestly a disappontment in comparison.  Ate it at around 3:30pm and by 9:30 I was sick as a dog! Hit my husband soon after me.  I won't go into detail with all the fun symptoms of food poisoning, but it was miserable.  Will NEVER eat here again.  To top it off, the staff seemed very unfamiliar with the menu and was not very helpful at all.  There are much better options in the Farmer's Market that won't leave you puking your guts out.  I want our money back!
4.2 Been here many times over the years and they never disappoint.  If you're thinking about drinks, get them elsewhere at the Farmer's Market.  The beignets were a bit underdone.  Gumbo ya-ya always good.  Good potato salad.
4.2 I tried the Blackened Catfish, placed the order and then my wife went clear to the opposite side of the market to buy her meal, She returned with her meal and I still waited another 10 min before my number was called. Starving I opened up my food and was like...WTF... for $11 I thought I might get at least 1/2 a fish... To my dismay I had a tail piece and it was as if they cut the fish into 1/2 and then served me a quartered  piece. EXTREMELY small portion. Very ironic because the gumbo & jambalaya bowls are very nice size servings. On a better note, the side of Okra was excellent. I can only hope they will rethink the potions for a fish plate very soon because this left me feeling pretty much ripped off.
2 I love the gumbo have it everytime I com to Hollywood it has been consistant on taste I love it coming from AZ
1 Clearly my family and I did not get enough of New Orleans food.   We just had to have some at the gumbo pot in the farmers market at the grove.  The beignets off course was a must have and it was good but not as good as cafe du monte.   The gumbo is really good and so was the Cajun pie.
3 This place is the most legit Cajun food I've had outside of Louisiana. on my most recent trip I had the frog legs and fried pickles. Their marmalade is killer and their cornmeal fry batter on their fried anything is as authentic as it gets. The frog legs were clean, meaty and delicious. If you haven't had them then get adventurous because they are tasty and fun.
1 The food was just ok. But, the really bad news is that the food is better than their customer service. They look like they hate their jobs. If you do decide to dine here stay clear of the meatloaf, stick to the Gumbo or Jumbalaya, and if you feel adventurous, try their alligator tail.
1 Had the Cajun Meatloaf Po' Boy. Meatloaf was a bit dry. Will definitely head back here again though.
1 blech.  I have to seriously call into question anyone who gives this place more than one or two stars.  Caveat - I'm from Louisiana, and I share the frustration of cajun lovers trying to find GOOD, not even great, cajun food in Los Angeles.Seriously, skip the Gumbo Pot.  Their gumbo is runny with hard rice and has none of the thick, chunky goodness of real gumbo.  I gave them another shot  and tried the catfish po-boy, which was as equally terrible.  Soggy, bland, with chewy bread.  Nope, Gumbo Pot is out of chances.  They do carry the delicious local Zapp's chips, though.  One star for that.Tip - if you ask for a Po-boy "half and half", half shrimp and half catfish (or whatever combo is your fave) and they look at you like you are crazy and say they can't do that...they aren't authentic.  I agree with the reviews of Rajin Cajun...good stuff there.   Also, Harold and Belles is HANDS DOWN my favorite cajun/southern/soul food spot in this city.  Their etouffee made me call my mom the next day and tell her I love her.
1 I read great review of this place and missing Cajun food so I went there just to try them out. I ordered the blackened red snapper po' boy and a side order of the gumbo ya ya and they are both o.k., not the best I've had but for a food stand it's not too bad.
3 We ordered their regular Jambalaya and it comes with cornbread and a side which we picked the sweet potato chips.  I thought the Jambalaya was ok.  I was sharing so I missed tasting the sausage.  The cornbread was just ok.  It was supposed to be great cornbread but I've had better.  I was expecting the sweet potato chips to be better but some of them seemed a little soft to me.  The crunchy ones were fine.
1 I hate when a place doesn't care about its less-than-positive reviews. I'd like to think the bad experiences people have written about meant something to the restaurant owners/operators, and they'd address the problems and fix them, but then you keep seeing the same problems over and over in review after review, so you know that's not the case. They just don't care.Take the Gumbo Pot. I love cajun food. Love it. I also love the FM. Yeah, it's touristy, but not all touristy things are bad. If the food is good, it's totally worth putting up with the tourists. Take Huntington Meats for example. The Gumbo Pot is not a good example. The food is so-so, the service is about on par with McD's, and the prices are too high. Every negative review on here is 100% accurate. I ordered blackened catfish, and my friend a blackened chicken po'boy. For one thing, you pay $9 for po'boy that doesn't come with anything at all. No fries. No nothing. Then you get a sandwhich that has maybe 6oz of chicken if that. They are cheap with the lettuce and tomato too. And for all that, his sandwhich just tasted "meh", no seasoning at all. Huge disappointment.My meal was a entree, it came with a side and some cornbread. For a side, I asked for steamed rice instead of the usual choices they offered because I like steamed rice. I was served a huge mountain of rice, so I can't complain about the portion size, but all it did was make the ridiculously small portion of fish I was served look even smaller.  Honestly, I think it was 4oz of fish. I had to make sure I took very small bites in order to make my meal last. The fish *was* well seasoned and moist - nicely blackened and nicely spicy - but it was sooo small! I was embarrassed because I was still hungry after we ate "dinner"! Oh and the cornbread? Forget it. Dry and flavorless.Here's the kicker: The counterman gave us ONE NAPKIN for two people to share. Honestly! When I went up to ask for napkins, he didn't want to give me more. I had to tell him, "you gave us one napkin and there are two of us eating!" before he gave me another one.Basically, my food wasn't bad, and my friend said his chicken was "ok" but nothing was all that great and the portions were tiny. And it cost more than $20 for these tiny portions. We actually went over to the Crepe Company to eat after we left here because we were still hungry. You can get better cajun/creole food almost anywhere else.
1 Gumbo is amazing, doesn't seem like the absolute cleanest place in the world but I excuse this on account of all the yum going on. Try the cornbread as a side, sweet potato chips are a tad bland.
3.5 SCORE: 3 1/2 starsIt was aiiiittee... I donno if it was the good i ordered if it was that day I was just not feeling the food but it was not as good as I thought it would be.I ordered: -Mixed Po'Boy (shrimp & oyster): It was pretty good but I wished there was either more meat inside. It was pretty small meat compared to the size of the sandwich. The sandwich itself was like almost on a foot-long bread with lemon slices, tomato, lettuce, and mayo, but the meat looked like it would belong in like maybe half a sandwich to a 3/4 of it. The sandwich was pretty tasty but it was kinda bland. There was no seasoning in the bread other than the mayo so I had to use a loooot of hot sauceSCORE:   C-Gumbo Ya Ya: The gumbo was ok, but I wished I got the Jambalaya instead. It was pretty good but the tasted after a couple bites got tiring and bland. It didn't pull me enough to eat bite after bite. I wished it had packed like a punch of flavor, but I mean it wasn't bad. I did finish half of it until and my bf ate the other half. He also said it was ok but not goodSCORE: B-Maybe I should go back at try the Jambalaya and rewrite because it looks good and the sweet potato chips looked BOMB
4 Crap food. Not worth your time. The crawfish was clearly not fresh and tasted as if it was frozen.
4 Strolling around the Farmers Market trying to find something my friend and I could both decide on... we stumbled upon THE GUMBO POT! People were friendly and the menu has alot to choose from so I ordered the fresh salmon that came out a little too blackened for my taste. But my friend got the jambalaya with chicken and shrimp and man was that delicious! 3/5 stars and would come back :)
3 Their basic Cajun dishes are all good.  Personally like their Jambalaya and drunken shrimp. Their cornbread and greens sides are also good.It is clearly a popular place as there is almost always a line.
4 The Gumbo Pot does not make gumbo! They have vegetable soup with few over cooked tiny shrimp. The soup was thin so they didn't use rue, and there are any taste of spices that are suppose to be in gumbo. If they insist on calling this soup Gumbo, then this gumbo is the worst I have had in Los Angeles.
4.5 Once thought that this place was delicious -  now I think it's garbage.  Apparently has undergone, shall we say, 'management changes' - ahem.  Nothing , I mean NOTHING is 'authentic' about this place ... period.  Subpar, SO-called 'creole' food at a ridiculous price.  Take one look at the guy who works behind the cash register and it will tell you all that you need to know.  Save yourself the disappointment and just - walk the other way ...
3.5 What a disappointment. I was so excited about this place but food was awful. Even my husband - who eats ANYTHING - thought it was so bad that he complained. They didn't care. They looked at us like "yeah. Whatever." They didn't even apologize or try to remedy the situation. We got the catfish po boy and it had absolutely no flavor, primarily because it was all bread. You could barely taste the fish or anything else that they put on it. The hush puppies were hard as a rock and also flavorless. The beignets were decent, but it's kind of hard to screw up fried dough doused in powdered sugar. Skip this place.
4 My only complaint about this spot is that I sometimes overeat on the collard greens and spend a few hours groaning and rubbing my gut.  But that's more my fault than the restaurant's.
4.5 I love fish sandwiches and vegetables.   They have the best of both.  Their salads are really good.  Their collard greens are to die for.   Their fish sandwiches are awesome tasting.   I just moved here and this place has some of the best food around.   The portions are a bit large for my eating habits, but that is good value.   The food here is good, real good.
4 good food. nice peple. good prices. its a Dive-in so it wasnt really " service " but it was alll goood. the portions were sufficient. alot of good reviews are mostly with people who either have high expectations or think so negatively of a place. i know the Gumbo Pot wasnt much but it certainly made me and my stomach happy. i guess its illegitimate for me to be writing this review because this was my first time trying Cajun/Creole cuisine but ... i dont know i liked it haha so i like the Gumbo Pot.
4 mmmmmmmmmm  mmm mmmm!Love their blackend salmon, their seafood gumbor and they have killer corn bread!Gimme some more!
4.5 I ordered a gumbo ya ya and my sister was craving for maryland crabcake there fore she ordered it. Gumbo ya ya was great, i personally like it. I chose coleslaw for the side it wasn't that good. As for the Crabcake, it was awful. I don't recommend this dish if you're craving for some crabcakes. The sweet potato chips were too dry. Maybe i'll come here for some gumbo.
4.2 I'm no southern girl, but I like what I received at the Gumbo Pot.  My in-laws are from Louisanna and pride themselves on making an awesome gumbo dish, usually once a year on New Years.  I hate waiting so long to get a good bowl of gumbo, but now I have a new spot to get my gumbo grub-on throughout the year.  The Gumbo Pot is yummy and I like the catch fish nuggets.
4.2 i Finally decide to visit their hollywood and highland location, order the fry chicken poboy sorry i did the chicken was very chewy and it taste it like it have been in the fryer for days i will not eat there again.F.S
3 We ordered the Jambalaya(traditional recipe) and frog legs. The jambalaya (a spicy rice dish with chicken and andouille sausage) didn't have any sausage in it and they gave us exactly  three frog legs. The side dishes were okay. The best part was the corn bread and the lemonade! For sure we wouldn't go back! They could have at least told us that they ran out of sausage before serving us an authentic traditional Jambalaya dish with NO SAUSAGE in it! Overpriced and not worth it!
2 Disappointed. Skimpy portions. Not flavorful at all. Biggest disappointment were the beignets. Maybe I've been spoiled by the beignets at Grande Luxe, which just closed and sent me on a mission to find great beignets.  My husband ordered the snapper sandwich, but it should have been called the "lettuce sandwich" because that's all that was on it.  I ordered the seafood gumbo - it should have been called the "the 3 shrimp gumbo".  So disappointing :(Service was horrible; bad day?  Don't know, but will not be going again.
3 If you think the food here rates better than one star, I have some beachfront property in Nevada that might interest you.  In the words of Charles Barkley, "This is turrible."The Gumbo is like dishwater.  Actually, no - dishwater actually has flavor from the soap.  It is so thin I was surprised to find okra in it (okra is an effective thickening agent).  The fried pies are undercooked so the dough isn't cooked through.  The frog legs were overcooked and tough.  Red beans so smoky they tasted like an ashtray.  Soupy jambalaya, whaaaat?  The remoulade sauce was the only good thing on my plates.  Whatever the sausage in their jambalaya & gumbo is, it ain't andouille.  Yes there are black men taking your money.  So you know it's authentic?  Baby, they ain't from New Orleans, and neither are the Chicanos who are the ones actually cooking the food.
3 This place is a rip off! The jumbalaya consisted of 3 enimic cocktail shrimp floating in chilie flavored water over rice. The collard greens tasted fishy and foul. There was so much sugar in their dry cornbread it gave me a tooth ache. The people who work here have no respect for their customers and would not give me a refund for that pathetic meal they call "jumbalaya" - they should rename it JUNKALAYA. Overall, major disappointment. Never yelped before, but after going here, I felt like I had to."The Gumbo Pot"  needs to get shut down.
2 Egh, I've had better (that's what she said). I had the shrimp po' boy and it was just ok. Nothing to write home about. Ambiance was cool with live music and people my great grandpas age sitting next to us getting drunk off beer. I would come back here.
4 I was excited by the prospect of "authentic" New Orleans cuisine but was extremely disappointed.  I went with two of my friends and we had the chicken po'boy, fried oysters, and meat loaf.  The sandwich which should have been the easiest to make turned out to be the worst thing they served.  It was dry and flavorless and the vegetables didn't taste fresh.  The fried oysters and okra were OK. I've had better, but they weren't subpar.  The meat loaf was extremely dry along with the corn bread.  The service wasn't terrible, but the staff seemed less than excited to be there.  They were out of garbage bags when we tried to empty our trays.  There are several very good restaurants around The Gumbo Pot.  I highly recommend you skip it and try anywhere else.
2 For the THIRD time now, I have ordered a side order of Jambalaya to go, and have found only rice, peppers, tomato sauce and two TINY pieces of chicken (AND NO ANDOUILLE SAUSAGE) in the container.  NOT OKAY.  I really think almost $6.00 is a tad too much for RICE!  Something is seriously wrong with the quality control here (or whoever is serving up the order doesn't pay attention to make sure that it contains what the customer is paying for and merely scoops up a bunch of rice!)
1 Yuck. The shrimp po boy had lemon slices on it so all I tasted was lemon rind. The sweet tea was unsweetened and even the cashier didn't understand why. The muffuletta was nothing like a true New Orleans muffuletta. The potatoe salad was gray and weird.
4 after the where ya at matt debacle we had to try a better beignet. this time around it was way better from the look, weight, size, insides and taste... (slightly somewhat). they fry other stuff in their fryer and some of the flavors latch on to the beignets. if they used a separate fryer it would be a home run with some chicory coffee.
4 we only tried the beignets but it was surprisingly spot on and the only reason why i use the word surprisingly, we tried making beignets using cafe du monde mix and it wasn't even close. the cafe du monde coffee we got was the only thing that came out right. so, why the three stars? the inside of the beignets was empty and if it were a little fuller you wouldn't need to travel.  looked at the menu and it looks promising but the one that has my eye if we try it again, the eggplant muffaletta...
3.5 do not. i repeat "do not" eat at this resturaunt!!!!! i went there at 6 o'clock today to try their etouffee, and by 8 o'clock i was vomitting my guts out!!!!!! the girl at the cash register looked hungover, and the cook was so busy talking i wouldn't be suprised if the crawfish was a few days old!!! if you care about your health and don't like vomitting the food you paid for...do yourself a favor and dont eat here!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4 Very sad, I was hoping for a cajun style 5 star grub fest but no I instead had what seemed to be and I'm sorry Arco gas station food.  The Oyster/Shrimp Po boy wasn't horrible but I could have done without the large lemon slices in the middle.  I don't know if that is the authentic way of doing it but i would have preferred perhaps a thin slice of lemon with lemon zest instead of the rind intact.  The shrimp in the sandwich was about nickel sized and although a disappointment it was not dried out or rubbery.  The oysters were fried nicely and added deliciousness to the sandwich.  I also tried the alligator which was also a dissappointment.  The meat was very tough but the outside crispy goodnes was very tastey.  The side dishes that came with it : Collard Greens (salty) Beans and rice (funky flavor)  Perhaps I came at a bad time but even if they have other items that are better I don't think I will try anything else .
4 I've lived by the Farmer's Market for about five years and this is my favorite place to eat there.  I can't recommend much of the menu because the only thing I ever order is the shrimp po boy.  Amazing!  I would recommend taking the sliced lemons off first though... that can come as a little bit of a shock.
3 For starters you have to deal with a couple of surly people at the counter, the person who took the order and the one who served the food. And now the food. It was far from authentic !! The jambalaya was a bland mix of who knows what, definitely not Cajun. The cornbread was too dry and the potato salad had nothing to it. I regret having stopped by this stall, considering the wide variety of choices at the Farmers Market.
4 Not happy :/ here's why - 1. There was a long HAIR in the shrimp batter for the po-boy sandwich, yuck!!!!! 2. Bland red beans and cold rice 3. COLD chicory coffee and hollow beignets.  That's three strikes already 4. The lady manager didn't even acknowledge me when I went to complain about the hair- I guess I wasn't loud enough 5. The employees don't look happy to work there.  Should have have gone to the Brazilian place there.
4.5 I was born in New Orleans.  My relatives know how to cook.  It's food that can pretty much be made anywhere without trouble in terms of access to ingredients,  and yet it's rarely done right outside of Louisiana.   For the price, I didn't think there was enough 'oomph' in what they were serving.  (lots of filler)  I'll give something else on the menu a try and see if perhaps I just ordered wrong.  On the upside, if you do find something you like, it's going to probably always taste the same, and can quickly be served.
3.5 Ordered the crawfish po boy and it basically tasted like bread and lettuce. It was really bad. Tried my friend's potato salad and that was bad too. I was sick to my stomach the whole next day. Definitely not coming back.
4 this is my absolute favorite place in the farmer's market. nothing is better on a saturday afternoon or a hangover.  i can only imagine gumbo from the dirty south could be better. my 5 out of 5 is only for the gumbo itself. im not too fond of the po' boy sandwiches mainly because its very unsatisfying. im usually hungrier after eating the sandwich. my favorite sides are the green salad with pecans and potato salad. im not too fond of the sweet potato salad. its like eating raw sweet potatoes.
4.5 This was not an enjoyable meal. First the girl server with the light eyes wasn't friendly and seemed incredibly bored. Yes i am one of those people who wants good service even if it is hot. The cobbler was mushy. The potato salad was too mustardy and the corn bread was over baked. Wont be back.also way too expensive
4 Ordered a salad, they were ALL OUT. Ordered a shrimp po boy and the bread was hard and old, took it back. The cashier asked if I wanted another po boy made as she looked for fresh bread. Second try and the bread was a little softer but definitely not made today (not toasted) 12 inches of bread and 12 small shrimp with the vine ends of the tomato! I asked for water and she gave me a cup of ice and said I can get the water "FROM THE WATER FOUNTAIN". Absolutely unacceptable! New Orleans would be appalled if they knew that THE GUMBO POT called their food "down home"
4 I've been coming to the farmers market for 30 years or more. Loved eating here , but the guy who bought the place ( which used to work here ) ruined it. Fired all employees who used to work here, ruined the food and the portions. The poor employees who work there now always look stressed and unhappy. They're always short handed. The new owner cut the portions in half ( almost) and the quality is just terrible. I write this review with sadness as I love the farmers market and loved eating here, but no longer.
4.5 Good value. Crawfish etouffe was flavorful but a little bitter. Blackened snapper was burnt. Collards were OK. Nice cornbread jalapeno muffin with platter.
4.2 One of the best deals in the city! Delicious Jambalaya and beans and rice - the begneits were also amazing.  If you're lucky (sometimes on Tues or Wed), you can get a 5-bean salad as a side! Mmmmm! (Just don't forget to get your ticket validated in your excitement.)
4.2 My husband and I drove almost 2 hours from Orange County to come here because I had seen it on "Road Trip with G. Garvin" on Cooking Channel. I love cajun food and wanted to try the gumbo he showcased when he visited The Original Farmers Market. I've had gumbo from lots of different restaurants, including restaurants in New Orleans. My gumbo ya ya did not taste like any gumbo I've ever had before. The shrimp was mushy, completely breaking apart when I bit into it.  I couldn't even tell what other meats were in it. The cornbread was dry and cold. Oh yeah, this was after I waited what seemed a long time for my order (for them to scoop out the gumbo and collard greens from their respective pots). The collard greens were still warm and were actually the best part of my meal. The gumbo was very hot (temperature-wise) but barely spicy. While it didn't taste like gumbo, it had a decent taste to it.I was so excited when I saw they had beignets, too! I'm always on the search for beignets that might approach the taste of the beignets from New Orlean's Cafe du Monde. OMG!  Four beignets in an order, and I could not eat more than one. My husband could not even finish the one he started to eat, and he loves his desserts! AWFUL!!!!  Weird taste when we first bit into one. Not sure what that taste was. All that powdered sugar could not save them. We did not finish them. So disappointing. Needless to say, we won't be returning.
4 This food was a major disappointment!!!! I do not recommend getting the snapper, it had no flavor and it tasted like I was eating plastic.
1 I've tried a lot of food joints in the farmer's market, but this is the only place I came back more than once.  Their jambalaya gumbo is very good with some hot sauce, corn bread, and sweet potato chips on the side.  I was raised in l.a. so I may not know how authentic gumbo tastes like, but for now, they are A-OK for me.
2 I was not a fan of the Gumbo Pot. I ordered Gumbo Ya Ya and Jambalaya. The dishes were not good because they used a cheap, poor quality rice and, in the Gumbo Ya Ya, there were literally two bite size pieces of chicken and two miniature shrimp; probably to cut corners and cut costs.
1 i spent my summers on the mississippi coast growing up and ate shrimp po'boys for literally every meal. when summer ended, i couldn't even look at fried shrimp without wanting to die. but then a few months into the school year i'd get these insane cravings for a shrimp po'boy and a bottled barqs. i've tried po'boys across the midwest and found them to be nothing like an authentic one. i ate at The Gumbo Pot a few weeks back -- i was killing some time and kinda hungry. gave their shrimp po'boy a shot and was pleasantly surprised! the bread was awesome, lots of shrimp, and tasted how it should. it's the closest i've found to an authentic shrimp po'boy and given how far away the location is from the coast, that's a feat! the canned barq's were a nice touch -- i just wish i could find them in bottles somewhere.
1 I think I just threw up in my mouth.  Is there a negative 10 rating?  How do I give the worst rating possible??  I don't have time to write these stupid reviews but good god this was awful food.  I wish I never came here and I hate my life.
2 The beignets are incredible and are deserving of 5 stars on their own. I took off one star because of the shrimp po' boy. The shrimp was fried to perfection and the spread they use is insanely delicious. My only issue here was that the roll wasn't very good at all. I wish they could get better rolls instead of these spongy type ones that taste like they came from Albertsons. I also tried some of my friends Gumbo Ya Ya which was pretty awesome. I had never tried gumbo before and as it turns out I love it. I would recommend that anyone who tries this place gets an order of the beignets because they're fantastic. I have yet to try the chocolate ones, but the plain ones are perfect. So in summary 5 stars for the gumbo and the beignets, and 4 stars total for the average shrimp Po Boy.
3 i eat at the gumbo pot proabably 3 out of 5 times i go to shop at the grove. the other times, i go to loteria. there's nothin' like red beans and rice with andouille sausage, a blackened chicken or shrimp po' boy, some jambalaya (love that stuff), and that yummy cornbread. and the beignets -- get outta here, they are so good! the chickory coffee isn't as good as cafe du monde in new orleans, but hey, you can't have everything. the staff are always kind and helpful. i brought my visiting family there, and they loved it. this time, i had a muffelata sandwich -- super-yum. maybe i'll go back next weekend. hehe.
3 I have to wonder how many people who wrote reviews for this place have been to New Orleans. I can't imagine that anyone who has would give this better than 2 stars. I'm sorry, the service was friendly but the Catfish Po Boy was horrible. I couldn't even finish it. The bread was soft and soggy and the fish was undercooked! The red beans and rice was barely acceptable. I feel like giving this place a second chance but the sandwich was one of the worst I've ever had.
4 finally got around to this place and got the softshell crab platter.  awesome.  will be back to try others.
1 Eh.  I don't get the hype on this one.  There are better places to eat at Farmers Market.  This was the first time I've eaten at the Gumbo Pot.  I took a few recs from yelp and chose the jambalaya with chicken and andouille sausage.  The meal came with cornbread and I chose potato salad as my side.  I counted two pieces of chicken and three pieces of sausage in my jambalaya.  It was kinda soupy and all I could taste was tomatoes.  My cornbread was hard and crumbly..day old?  I was hoping my potato salad would save the meal, but sadly it was tasteless.  Sorry Gumbo Pot; next time I'll have to drop my money at some other overpriced stall at the Farmers Market.
3.5 I always liked this joint.  But I went there with some native New Orleans friends and did they have something to say!  They didn't even finish their gumbo ya-ya...or po boy.  I thought I had it good here, but after we left my friends cooked me a big lunch two days later...Now I know the difference.  But still, unless my friends are willing to cook for me on a regular basis, I'm still coming here.
4 It's impossible to find good Cajun food in LA.  Portions are gynormous but with the quality matched the size.  Gumbo was ok, but no way I could eat a whole bowl of it.  The po boy's are forgettable.  Bread portion way too big.  Salad overdressed.
4 Food is good but if you have been to New Orleans, it's definitely not the same. Po Boys are lacking shrimp and not as abundant as a Po Boy should actually be.... You actually end up eating a lot of bread and nothing else. Food hints an New Orleans but falls short.
3 The Gumbo Pot was recommended but it failed to deliver on any faction of my experience.  It was dreadful.  I order a andioulle sausage po'boy and the cajun potato salad.  The po'boy was salty, not enough sausage, and unfulfilling for the price.  The potato salad had a strong vinegar flavor.  I would not recommend The Gumbo Pot to any hungry traveller searching their next great meal.  YOU have been warned!!!
4 I REALLY wanted to like them...I REALLY did...even gave them more than 1 chance. But, overall, they just did not deliver...and I'm not the only one who thinks so, but also the people for whom I ordered.The 1st visit, they messed up my order: it was incomplete....AFTER I already corrected them 1ce...& they failed to give me a receipt...which made things more hassled when I tried to get what I paid for (the 2ND TIME). I made a 30-something$ order to go, to take home dinner to my fam (30$ goes by quicker than you're led to believe, w/the word "affordable"  thrown around so much by them & their chosen public reviews). Imagine my embarrassment when I drive all that way back to come home to the hungry waiting family & I unload the bags only to find food for everybody BUT ONE. Afterwards, I called them, & after going through the whole "I can't help you if you don't have a receipt/I can't help YOU because I wasn't GIVEN one" back/forth for a couple minutes, they promised to check their ticket sales for the day & if they found what I missed, they'd call me back. They did & made good.  So I returned the next week...This time, I brought a date AND ordered to go for the family again... He ordered the cajun bbq meatloaf, I got the oyster plate because they were so good last time.The meatloaf was COLD! Huh? The flavors in the creole mustard potato salad were just NOT working...in fact, the sauce used to season their potato salad tasted much like the dipping sauce served along their meat pie (which on the flip side, really WERE delicious! The meat pies were great on their own, but with the sauce it was taken to....A...HOH....NUVA'....LEVOLLL!!! YUM!! :.P). The meat pie should be plural, as it's 2 to an order (which gives their 5.00+ price just a LITTLE more sense!!), & they're really more like an empanada than an english style meat pie (for those of u who have been to a Ren. fair). The cornbread was delicious, but dryyy!! Love their tasty pecan green salad! And their seafood salad: SUPER yum! Their red beans & rice had good flavor, but I grade it a "D" for 2 reasons: My order had nearly more rice than beans (plus the rice was not completely cooked! I bit into a few uncooked grains!) and 2) Believe it or not, I actually make a BETTER RB&R and I'm NOT from Louisiana, I'm an L.A. VALLEY GIRL! What does THAT say about THEIR RB&R? lol BTW, he said my meatloaf was better ;.)So, I ordered a vegetarian red beans & rice w/collard greens to go for Ma, a chicken andouille sausage po'boy w/gumbo to go, a muffuletta1/2 to go. When I dropped that off to the family I heard nothing but thanks when they received it. Then....silence.... Uh-oh...that's never good. Just this morning, I started soaking red beans in the crockpot to make RB&R tonight and I was on the phone & Ma said "Oh, since you mention RB&R....I don't know how to say this without hurting your feelings, we're grateful for the thoughtfulness & the gesture, but please don't go to that place again. That po'boy, they seemed to take that term a little too literally: It was a wimpy pencil sized shrivelled little sausage with a few shreds of some limp, tasteless ICEBERG lettuce and some odd sauce that did not go well with it at all...all on a stale bread roll!" No wonder the silence! She then went on to say "My RB&R was....alright. It was good, but it's not worth the drive" (OR the price! Her head just about popped off after she found out how much I paid!). Hers too was almost more rice than beans. She said "Besides...YOUR recipe is much better! As is the way you make muffuletta! Yours is better" I did look at their muffuletta:it was big, but understuffed...I was fooled by it's size wrapped in foil; turned out it was more bread than filling, & it didn't even look like it had all the ingredients to make it a muffuletta (like the olive relish), or if it was there, I couldn't see it. I didn't taste it, it was 4 someone else. REAL muffuletta (or the best kind, anyway) looks like a full kitchen sink lol. Imagine a bread bowl hollowed out & stuffed w/ layer upon layer of meats, cheeses & such...from bottom to top. Theirs looks like they got bored partway through making it and sent it out unfinished lol. And the gumbo....wow...I hate to be so brutal when I confess to agree w/the other reviewer J.T.: Their gumbo ya ya should really be called "gumbo YUCK-YUCK"! A layer of orange grease floated atop a very weak, watery, under-spiced stew, w/ a roux that tasted burnt (isn't burnt roux a rookie mistake?) And if you think like I did "Oh, perhaps it was just a bad day/batch" this is my 2ND tasting! And there isn't even enough room to go into their collard greens! One word: don't!Sorry! I'm trying to be constructive! I may not come back there, but I can see that place being much better than it is. And I don't know how else that can happen without constructive criticism. *shrug* What else can I say? Take it for what you will! Peace! :.)
4.5 The Gumbo Pot  should use a different bait and bigger hooks to catch their catfish. Got a blackened catfish po boy and had to search for the fish. Used to get a nice filet but it seems like they cut them in half. Sandwich was still good but  where's the fish.
3.5 Had a really rude male individual taking our order. Decided not to bother spending money with them.
4 I remember having the best poboy shrimp and oyster combo ever at The  Gumbo Pot 10 plus years ago. Went there today and what a disappointment! The first sandwich was on bread that was hard as a rock. I brought it back and they made me a second one. This one was on slightly stale bread. The fried Shrimp and Oyster were good, but overall, a big disappointment.
4.5 As a southern boy it's hard to find tasty southern dishes here in California.  The menu sounded so delicious...but it quickly become the worst $14 meal I've experienced. The plate size wasn't worth the price and it was extraordinarily bland. The greens tasted like they somehow managed to dump several gallons of vinegar in it to avoid using any other seasoning. The "cornbread" tasted more like an extremely dense cake. The red beans and rice (for which I had to pay extra) had no taste whatsoever, even with the visible chunks of sausage and meat. Not even a bottle of hot sauce could save those beans. And the lone small piece of catfish fillet was the only quasi redeeming quality. Though still ridiculously bland (did I mention small), it had a really nice crust. Never. Again.
4 Went to the farmers market for lunch and decided on the Gumbo Pot. I ordered a shrimp po boy sandwich with a side of their mustard potato salad and a lemonade. The total came out to $16. The poboy itself was roughly $11 which is so not worth it. The sandwich came on a baguette with a few shrimp, garlic aioli, tomatos and a sprinkle of lettuce. The sandwich came out so sorry looking with wilted lettuce. The ratio between shrimp and bread was off (too much bread) and the potato salad was drenched in mayo/mustard. The lemonade was on point tho. I'd opt out of choosing this place next time.
4 I tried the gumbo ya ya and the jambalaya, both were extremely disappointing.  The gumbo rue was not dark enough nor was it flavorful, and the jambalaya was like a canned tomato exploded in it.  If you have never been to New Orleans to try REAL cajun food, don't be fooled.  This place does not serve authentic cajun food.
4.5 closest thing to cajun food I tried in LA, still not as good as the worst cajun shop in Louisiana
4.2 I don't get it. really? The gumbo isn't bad but stay away from the po boy unless you like a lot, and I mean a lot of bland tasteless bread with very, very little fish inside. The corn bread? DRY! I've been here 3 times now and I think that will be it for me. I'll give them this, they are fast. So if it's dinner before a movie and you are running short on time, go for it. Just don't get the huge loaf of bread known as a po boy.
4.2 i ate here a while back maybe several months ago.the food wasn't bad it justed lacked flavor.
3 I grew up in Louisiana, lived in New Orleans and was eager to try some Nawlins food.  To be nice, I gave this place 1 star.Gumbo was more like beef stew, runny, too brown, and had no cajun flavor, no celery, bell peppers, I expected to see potatoes, and did find what I thought was a mushroom stem!  Red Beans and Rice had the flavor of burned black eyed peas, very little Nawlins' flavor, runny not creamy  (Popeye's red beans and rice is closer even though "no cigar").  Shrimp poboy, bread wrong, NOT the chewy day old bread, the bread was cut out and ths shrimp was put in the "hole", lettuce was romaine, and WHO EVER in Nawlins' ever had lemon slices in their shrimp poboys?  The tomatoes and mayo were just fine.  My daughter got some weird potato salad (never ever had it in all my days in Nawlins), my collard greens had tomatos, and corn bread had jalepenos or something in them.   All in all the best part of our lunch was the Newcastle beer I got from another food stand.  Highly unrecommended.  glad I didn't pay $7.95 for the 14 crawfish appitizer.
1 well i ordered a po'boy. what i got was not a po'boy. it was awful.i will refrain from ever eating there if that was the best they can do.go to new orleans cuz this place anin't  worth the visit
2 Their po'boy was recommended in the March 5th WSJ so I took a sidetrip to have an oyster po'boy on a recent weekend vacation. It should have been called a oysterless po-boy - 4 small oysters in a foot-long bun. The lasting impression was bread. I should have ordered extra oysters but by the time the staff got around to serving the sandwich I could have found a better oyster bed elsewhere.
3 If I had known that the gumbo pot @ Hollywood & Highland was the same gumbo pot as the one located @ the farmers market I would have never went. The food was salty, overcooked, and looked horrible. They get the 1 star for the nice girl who was behind the counter. I ended up leaving & going to Johnny Rocket. Don't waste your money.
1 There is a cajun guy at The Malibu Farmer's Market that makes the BEST gumbo on earth.  He is from Louisiana and knocks it out of the park.  He sells out fast though but will save you some if you let him know.
4 On the first day of the New Year we wanted to eat some Gumbo from Louisiana. The Gumbo Pot is branded as the gulf state and the fanfare was such that I was excited to order and chow down.  We arrived home to enjoy the food and it was more like vegetable soup not Gumbo. Needless to say my family and I were totally disappointed and determined to not returning ever.
2 NO STARS!.....this place was the worst i have ever had when u come from Cajun/soul food u know what has and what it lacks this was not even close to good gumbo! i really think they should hire my mom and let her give them some pointers also the cornbread was not even satisfying
2 This place deserves a minus 1 rating. We ordered the seafood gumbo and barely cloud find any seafood in it!!
1 I was surprised that a restaurant that has a breakfast menu does not open until 9:00AM.  My wife and I arrived at 8:30 and all of the other breakfast places were in full swing.  A key point I missed so ended up over at Bob's Donuts.
1 This place was beyond disappointing. I'm from the south and accustom to well seasoned and decent size serving portions, this place was neither. I ordered the shrimp po-boy (worst $12 spent). Before I placed the order I told the cashier that I'm from the south and I asked her for an honest review of the sandwich, in which she replied "it's my favorite". As soon as my order arrived at the counter for pickup, I knew I had made a mistake in my choice. The bread looked like a store brought roll of French bread and I literally had to pickup the top bun and remove the lettuce to look for the shrimp. There was so much bread and barren amount of shrimp that I immediately asked where was the rest of the shrimp. Her response was you only get 15 (yes fifteen) shrimp, or you can order extra shrimp for $2.50 plus tax. I didn't bother at that point. I was already over this place. And the taste was boring and dry! Hopefully you read this and other honest reviews of this place before you spend your money there.
3.5 first visit to the grove and the farmers mkt...loved the atmosphere!!  wandered around looking at everything and  came across the "the gumbo pot" and decided i would not leave without a sample.  took home both gumbos w/the sides of potato salad and sweet potato salad, and i must say the potato salad had a kick (loved it) but that was all....it seemed to be missing other ingredients.  the gumbo was disappointing tho'.....very little shrimp, sausage and the veggies were quite soggy.  i thought it was more of a cajun "vegetable soup".  i've made better at home!!!!!
4 I've been going to The Gumbo Pot since the 90's, back then the food had flavor, and depth, was fresh, and a treat for the tastebuds, the service was exceptional, lively, and fun.  That was then, this is now.  I've continued to go to G.P. over the past decades, stop by for some red beans & rice, seafood gumbo, or their side green salad with their killer corn muffin on the side, but must admit to being quite disappointed with the food these past several years, it seems to have very little flavor.  The salad used to be composed of lettuce, red cabbage, slices of green apple, cherry tomato, cucumber, candied pecans, and a lovely, delicious dressing, but the salad they serve now is with wilted lettuce, a tiny amount of the candied pecans, and a watered down version of their previous dressing, all of the other goodies have gone missing.  Disappointed falls short of my feelings about the Gumbo Pot.  Besides the food being less than average, most of the people who work there, seem to miss the point of the word "service",  they are unfriendly, uninterested, they make their customers feel as if they're doing them a favor by taking their order, then their money.  I think the main reason for the lack of attention to the freshness, and flavor of the food, as well as the apathetic service, falls on the shoulders of management, and/or the owner of the Gumbo Pot.  Perhaps the owner might consider spending more time behind the counter, and see how they might bring the quality back to their food, and service.  Eateries require not just fresh food, they also require the presence of a good, caring manager, if you have good management, good food & good service will follow.
4 i am so disappointed. years ago i'd eat here and enjoy it. the po boy catfish sandwich lasted two meals.  i ate here today for the first time in a while.  i ordered a small seafood gumbo to go.  about 5 minutes into my walk back to work i felt something dripping on me.  i realized that the paper bag holding my lunch was leaking! even though my gumbo was wrapped in foil, the container still leaked! what a mess.  i had to grab a plastic bag from one of the food trucks on wilshire.  so i have this gumbo spilled all over me, and walking with a leaking lunch.  so i get to the office and i'm eating this thing and it kind of tastes like the styro-container.  yuck.  the sweet potato chips are stale,  by the way. i haven't even gone near the corn muffin but my expectations aren't high.  i seriously want my money back. i just paid almost $10 for such crap, it's not even funny.  Never ever again to this place.***edited to state that the corn muffin is burned and hard as a rock!****
3 Went to Farmers Market to experience the shopping and great food. I decided on the Gumbo Pot for the muffaletta and a oyster por-boy sandwich. The employee rang up my order for the $12 muffaletta and $10 por-boy. He then went over to a large refrigerator and opened the door. The refrigerator was holding 50 plus pre made muffalettas wrapped individually in cellophane and piled 2ft high on a shelf. I wondered how long they were sitting there for or even better if they were still good to eat.  I haven't had a muffaletta for a while and decided to try it anyways, instead of doing the right thing and saying no thanks to a pre-made box lunch style sandwich. By this time my por-boy was ready to go and already wrapped in foil and placed in a paper bag. Later when I looked at the por-boy, it contained very little oyster and was over battered, over cooked to the point of looking like dirt balls. The lettuce and tomato were the only two things that looked eatable. The por-boy had no taste to it and I ended up throwing half of it way. Now the pre made muffaletta was a little different. They meat was very cheap quality and had slim portions. The cheese had already started to melt into the meat from the length of time it was premade. It was soggy from the refrigerator and tasted like play dough. In all I wasted my money on cheap quality food and would never eat there again. Feel sorry for all the people who don't know any better and will waste their money at this location instead of the many better places to eat at the market. I gave them one star only for the reason of having a nice store front and location of the market but feel prisoners in jail should be forced to eat this food for their sentencing instead of the electric chair.
